This  what  was always finding. That really  don' have any obligation, they don' have any obligation. And  knew that right.  you just leave with  very closely, you just leave with  very, very closely. You have   very closely with , then you will notice.  leave this state. What one has  learn  how   letting  free.  you try  control , this will  very fantastic. Guruji  not controlling ,   will control Guruji. That will not happen. How  dominate ?  cannot happen. Because Guruji cannot  caught like that. Just like Ghandi said, you know, you can have  body  ' not  body.   like that. When the English were participating, they were beating .  said,   prepared  die. You will have  dead body, but not  body. This requires fantastic strength.  like that, Guruji cannot  controlled. But everybody tries  control. Because they are used  this being controlled. And instead  understanding what Guruji ,  you try  control, you will   great need.  would like you  rise  that level, where you yourself will not  controlled. And then, then two masters like that meet,   something very fantastic.  everybody, what  you ? Let them  whatever they want. You are knowing.  know obligation  you.  know obligation  you. They will see like heart attack. Correct. Once you get that, then   alright. You don' have  say .  that way. Automatically, the message gets expressed. Then,  lot  people will say, you are teaching  responsibility. Guruji  not teaching  responsibility.   teaching the highest responsibility. The responsibility , and  said, you saw .  have  obligation. Then, you say,  , you .   mediocre. You don' have   anything. This can only  realized when you really are renounced. About anything that   happen  the world. You are totally removed yourself from. This must happen, that must happen, this will happen.    very bold, very bold stand. Plus the world  catch all  Krishna. , you just let . That' all. What Krishna  telling? Let . Mamei comes simply  give  this super meaning which you are unable  accept.  they say, simply let . And people will  confused. , hold   . What hold   him? Nothing. , Krishna  not something  hold  .  people feel very excited, you know, when they are sitting  the class, they forget everything. They are really there. And they  back home. They want more  the SSI. You can  also more  the SSI. See, right now  did that,  ? Correct? Right now  have done . You  such things like this which will take you  that meditative state. Correct. See, commitment after  moment only, not that  has   carried  now.   not  commitment.   simply happening.   not that you are getting some commitment and then you are doing.   just happening. Everything  there. Just spontaneously happening  itself. Correct. Nothing has  bring  forth and make  happen also.  will simply happen. , lot  these things are difficult  assimilate them. Because you know, that  what  very strongly holding you right now. Your whole life you feel  only commitment. , your whole intellect will also justify this commitment. , you shall give you all these reasons why commitment  essential. And the commitment arises from within. And the commitment  very, very important. Whether  arises from outside  inside. And you are trying  make that commitment very holy, you see. Because for you commitment  holy. Now you are trying  find out that and make  holy  making  come from inside, not from outside.  you understand?   just  game that the intellect plays  all these things that you hold are very precious. What  are telling you, what you   unimportant. First you get this. See,  long  you are feeling that what    important. What gets accomplished  important.  long  you are  that paradigm  what  accomplish  important, then commitment   important thing. You cannot get out  . See, this training   realize that nothing  important. You understand?  the paradigm  nothing  important. And when you realize that nothing  important, really.  what? Correct. And really the world  that way.  what? You accomplish.  what? After what?  everybody  trying  get satisfaction after getting something.  you think that what gets accomplished  important, then you are caught automatically  the fluid interaction. You are satisfied that you are doing the right thing, that you are working towards the right thing. Still, you know, you are doing this now very important. What  are telling  whatever you   quite important. What your complex  totally important. What you   also important. See, this  the best  precipitate  will take some time. And this   new paradigm. And this  the paradigm  freedom. There are still  lot  bondages. And  lot  you have gone through SSI, gone through AMC, gone through BSC. Still, you know, this  the end  commitment. commitment   catch with  pass. Yeah, ' alright. But still, you see what ' seeing  that you are very much interested  see that commitment  given  high value. See, let  not worry about commitment. Hey, let  average from wherever. But you see,   quite  important.  money,  you? Exactly. You see, this  very nice. See, all these people are very responsible people. They are the lowest category. That  why  are telling you, the lowest category people, they say, give   not . Second category people will say, give ,  will . Third category people say, don' give   not . See,  long  you are holding these things  you are, you are, you are, you are, you are, you are, you are, you are, you got all these problems. Somebody' coming, taking somebody' giving.  you just see that you are not doing anything. You will still . You are paying   lot  taxes  something else. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. This  all important because you are feeling that what has  happen?   very important  you. First you will have  , what has  happen? The world. Then from that context, different. You are understanding now. Team Clare, you are giving  free. Right? Why not?  give  free. And you have been given free also.  obligation. You have been given free. You have been given free. You mean  say that every person before  death, you would have repaid all his loans. Somebody will pay  repayment loan. Correct.  why can' you just enjoy? Free offering. And give free offering. Now, when you give free offering,   very fentahous. When you receive free offering,   very fentahous. Life  very wonderful. Don' measure. Don' measure yourself  the way you are doing. Don' measure yourself  what  happening  the world.  either you give with  free gift, you start being  the free gift situation. Then you will receive all the free gifts. You start giving free gifts. From now , you free gift. And let  see what happens. You have  have that sense that this   free gift.  you are giving,   going  give . Once  think Radha and Krishna   Yamuna, and they are going  have  nice sister.  they have brought all the food and she Radha sees. One morning  the other side  the Yamuna, and  says,  has brought everything.  want   and give this money something. How  says, how  can cross the river? Because the river   flood, how  can cross. Then Krishna says, don' worry, you tell Yamuna that  Krishna   Balbara Mechari, then  let Yamuna give way for . Then she looks  Krishna.  know all about you how  can .   calls there and she says, okay.  Krishna   Balbara Mechari,   going  give way. This   act  truth.  then Yamuna gives way and she goes  the other side. Yamuna stops. Then she goes  the other side. And that    being given food. She says, please take the food.  said, please take the food.  said, okay, for you take the food.  she  very nicely  front  this person. And then she has  lot  problems. , she  going  the other side. But how  come back now? Krishna   this side.    that side.  how  come back?   has  money. How come this far? How can   back now? Then  says, okay, let Yamuna give way.   goes and says, okay,  this money   this side, let . You may have  path.  gives  path.  then she goes and asks Krishna, what  this?  see you,  see this person eating and  know who you are. And what  this Yamuna giving way? Both right sir? Please tell , what  this rejecter?  then Krishna tells her, you know, this  the yogis position.   doing and not doing.  appears    doing, but   not doing anything.   really not attached  anything that happens.  this  what  have been going over. The name   too. This  for the Aadhu Tastat.  are only going over that  this.   very interesting. Shankara, move the whole thing. You know,  requested the river,  said,  are going that way,  mother has  come that far. Why don' you just slow near  river? Mother' house.  the whole land moved that way. What are started flowing? This side, ' like this house.  all these things are happening. ' all  that time  the day.  this  only the non-doing silence. The power  getting generator. Silence  not happening. You see, silence  not doing. Silence  not talking. Just  yourself, huh? Just  yourself. That' all. Hey,  are talking.  are talking.  are not talking.  are not talking.  are not talking. You remember this. You were nothing. And nobody wants you. Nothing.   that state. You are automatically laying out those things, huh? And everything  simply happening. Hey, Gajaran,  mother. Gajaran,  mother. She' like  much within himself. That, you can' pretend you wanted  come. Huh? You think, right?  would even look  and see who this person . What should  done? Whether  should  invited  not invited. Whether  should  asked what  his name and where  comes from and all that, huh? Never bothered.  that person wanted  come,  would come.  doesn' want  come.  what? Now you are your wonderful old. Huh? You know. You might get into , but you know,   not important. See, you are doing exactly the same thing. Only the whole attitude  very different. That what gets done  not important. This  only  you are prepared  pay the whole price.  you are not prepared  pay the price, then don' say. You know, Guruji said,  commitment. And then  got into this commitment and  broke the commitment. And then  got into the problem. And then Guruji, you know, there   problem. But how  ? There   problem. ,  have  problem. Huh? . You know, having  problem   problem. This  not important. This  another way. Siddha Samadhi Yoga  short, SSY, the greatest gift  mankind.  just 14 days, you find yourself totally relieved  all diseases like blood pressure, diabetes, arthritis, insomnia, ulcers and others. You are freed from all tensions and then you can really see what life has  offer. How  this miracle possible? Yes, when you  from doing  non-doing, anything can happen. And SSY teaches you this non-doing.  invite you  take this program and experience what    celebrate life. Jai Gurudev