And love right  the wall. Darkness and light, pleasure and pain, right and wrong, all exist. And there  also something beyond. Sri Rishi Prabhaka awakens you  the dualities  life and makes you experience that, which . This   third AMC. One and half year back  come, first time when  came here.  got  one sentence, like , you know, magic sentence. Everything  okay. And  took . Everything  okay.  went buzzer  . Everything  okay.  started like, all negative things also added. Like,  can  . What' hum? Everything  okay.   started gambling.  started boozing.  started all  wrong things.  started avoiding  home life,  parents,  personal friends. One thing, just  anywhere,  buzzer. Everything  okay. One year,  think  lost  whole 12 years working, saving.  lost  one year. That  about more than five  six lakhs. Just gambling. Last month  was here and till today  said 40,000 .. But not playing gambling. One and half, last fifth  was here today' 10th.  one month, five days,  think  said  least  30  40,000 .. According  , every day what  used  lose and every day what  used    for  work life also and plus  personal saving also. And  couldn' work till two 'clock  used     factory afternoon.  used   out  six. Let'   Jimkana. Let'   Blizz Coast. Let'   anywhere. Now this magic sentence, ' taking , you know, other way. Again, positive way.  even... Explain . Like  got  real meaning  . Like you should, everything  okay. Means you should realize what you' doing. Then everything  okay. Not just everything  okay and you can  whatever you' doing. Just  aware  . ' not that everything  okay and behind you  you can  anything. You should, whatever you' doing , everything  okay when you are aware  . Not that way, other way. When you are not aware and you are doing everything, whatever you' doing  not everything  okay. You should, whatever you' doing that side,  started practicing this. Like  should not  aware.  ' going,  ' going  some day for gambling,  ' aware,  won' .  won' . ' going   .  won' . Let  realize  this last,  think, 20, 25 days. And let' see how long ' continue. Once was,  least ',  don' booze much now.  cut down  boozing, cut down  cigarettes, but gambling total stop. And going   right track, aware   now. Whatever ' doing , ' still smoking, but ' aware. Like ' not, people say ' harmful for any human being. But  can take ,  ' taking .   aware  . Even boozing,  can take , ' aware  . The day,  can' take ,  will stop. Why should  stop now? That'  logic.  can afford ,  least those things  can afford  have.  enjoy ,  take .   aware also. Okay, Jai Bhulji. '  interesting turn that  taking place. Now  has understood, not only,  everything okay,  for the water happening  the past. But really, everything  okay,  applicable only for right now. And being aware  ,  really brings about  transformation. Being aware  exactly how  are, what  are doing. And being with  fully automatically changes the things. Now, for example, you said, you see,  still know that, you know, this  not good for the health, and still ' doing . And ' able  take , ' taking . See, when the real, this  called Viveka, when the real understanding dawns. See, there are people who can take anything and nothing affects them. Then   perfectly alright for them. You understand? For Shankara,  was going  the road, and then  took some, some intoxicant, you know, some kind. Then all these sisha said, , look  our Guru,   taking all these intoxicants. Then there was somebody, little bit ahead, somebody was pouring iron, you know, hot iron into the cast.  also asked him, give  some iron, drink .  was able  drink that also. Then   something else. See, this Viveka,  you  some unnecessary scruples about , then you will get into problems. See, knowing where your body , knowing where you are,  you take ,  will affect you. You may reach  stage where nothing affects you, that  bless you, you will get that also. But until  get that point, Till  will enjoy, why should  stop? Correct, enjoyment can , that  how everybody  enjoying, whatever they want, thinking that the world  going  give them enjoyment. And every time  person goes after the world for enjoyment,  gets into more problems. Because  doing something,  doing something, you are never going   happy. Injement, whatever that comes out  this kind  phenomenon, anything that you think, , all pleasures that come from outside, will have  equal pain   paid back later. ,   something else now. You see,  you are thinking that the world,  doing this,   going  get happy and you  , you will have  pay  price for ,  equal price for . This  your action and reaction are equal  opposite. Pain and pleasure come  equal  pleasures. Anything that you  after pleasure, you have  pay  pain. There  , ,  matter what you , this  the law.  you went after pleasure, you lost money.  doubt you had enjoyment during that time when you are gambling. But  you think that gambling  going  give you enjoyment and you have gambled now, then that   trap. Everybody   the same trap. You are talking about, you know, cigarette and these are some kind   obvious, you know, things that people can say, you know,   not spending his time properly. But most  the people are not spending that time properly  their resources properly. Because all  them are focused  doing something  get something. Almost every person  the world, now looking after your family, they say,   holy tasker and they dedicate themselves  looking after their family. You mean  say they will get anything out  , huh? They will not get anything out  . Sometimes  little pleasure, sometimes  pain, huh? Both will come  equal  stages.  anybody who  trying   anything, huh,   okay  this world, will never  happy.   impossible. Only  person who  totally fulfilled within himself, huh, now   does something without expectation, huh, then   flowing out  him. Happiness  flowing out  him into the world, you know. That   altogether different phenomenon.  doesn' bother , means,  happiness does not depend upon the result  this action. That , huh, really   not dependent upon , okay?  doesn' bother , means, whatever  the result  the action  this, huh,  not going  affect  life.  happiness  fully stationed within myself and whatever action   doing, the result  that action  not going  bother . You understand?  long  you are going after something for enjoyment, huh, and you say,   doing this because  gives  enjoyment,  tell you, the same bam thing  just going  give you lots  pain, huh?   just waiting  the corner,  tell you, huh? You are going  have  lot  cancer, huh?  lot  blood pressure, all these problems. ' just waiting, huh? And  guarantee you, you will get , huh? And whether you like   not,  will come. You get this point? Just because you enjoy you  ,  ? Whatever you ,    man. , you say, whatever you ,  enjoyable,  one thing. And    because  enjoy ,   wrong process. See, whatever  ,  enjoy  something,  very, you know,  advanced state. Whatever  ,  enjoy, ,  enjoy , that  why   . Every fool  doing , what  the difference? Every person  doing  because  enjoys , that  why   doing . , most people are not even  that state, they are telling that after   this,  will get some pleasure, that  why   doing . This , this   third level, huh? First level ,   happy, whatever   doing,   happy. This  because happiness  not coming from outside,   already happy. ,  matter what  does,   happy. His total renunciation has come  him, huh? Then only  can  happy doing whatever  does. Second person ,   doing, because  enjoys doing what   doing.    little more courageous fellow, huh? ,   doing whatever  wants  , whatever  enjoys doing, but  will have  pay  heavy price for  then, huh? Then there   third person,  says,   doing , even though   difficult.  don' like what   doing, but you see,  the end,   going  get something that  why   doing . This man  prepared  pay the pain before  gets the pleasure. This man wants the pleasure before, and   going  pay for the pain later. This  the only two difference, correct? But both  them are caught  pain and pleasure.  the one who  not caught  pain and pleasure  one who  happy doing whatever   doing. This  the state. You understand? , you don'  things because you enjoy doing them.  you don'  things because   not enjoyable   them. You can write now,  the most  can   the second state. The first, the second and third stage, both are one and the same. One, correct. One wants pleasure before pain later. Another one, pain before pleasure later. That  all. And the one who wants pain, pleasure first, inevitably   very dangerous drive, huh? Don' get into both  these traps. You want some fun? You are aware, means being  Viveka.  know that every pleasure  caught  pain waiting. And doing things because  pleasure  pain, both are bondages. , just meditate, huh? Maritate,   the settled state, huh? And get under and  whatever you .   perfectly alright afterwards. But you must  happy doing whatever, not  particular thing. Remember this, huh? And that will happen only when you are fully within yourself. , meditate regularly, huh? Praniyama. Praniyama,  least twice  day, meditation, three times  day, automatically the thing will begin  shift around. Okay? You  nothing. You just  there expecting nothing, then gradually the beginning  shift will take place. But, you know, what  this renunciation? You know, you simply know that nothing  yours. Nothing  mine. Nothing  this world  mine. Everything belongs  God.   responsible for everything because nothing belongs   and everything belongs  . Every one  mine, and nobody  mine.  one level, nobody  mine, and  another level, everybody  mine. When you get into this   property, huh?  you just  off this track, you see, either    offer and  switcher.  you say, God has given  this much,   happy, actually you are not happy. You understand? God has given  this much,  accept whatever God has given, this  not happiness. This  only because you can'  anything about , you are accepting . Not out  realization that nothing  mine. When nothing  mine, then  new phenomenon happens. Nothing  mine.  cannot say this , you know, this person  mine. This portion  mine, this portion  not mine. Nothing  mine. Then true responsibility will come. Then only you can , huh? Everything  very beautiful, huh? Nothing belongs  you. They now property belongs  you, huh?  intellect belongs  you,  physical strength belongs  you, huh? Nothing belongs  you. Everything belongs  God, isn' ? All this,   telling, this  mine, that  mine,  all mine, you know? This  all, there  something that  made  for. Tomorrow  say this much and after tomorrow  can  totally different. Somebody else comes and says, , , , the law  very different time. Before  grandfather used  say,  want  energize him. And the law came and they didn' have even two acres, huh? They understand. Next day they did not have two acres, huh? Because they said, now the law , whoever  telling the land  gets , that' all. They finished . These people, they were sitting  the city thinking that they were there, they were there, land there.  went  somebody else. This   fake thing  say, even before they did not have , but they had this notion that, this  mine. Later  they are feeling that somebody has taken away, ,  have become poor. Actually  have not become poor, neither was  richer.   simply  illusion  himself that   rich,   poor. When everything belongs  God, which  truly , huh? The truth  everything belongs  God, nothing belongs   and you. Then only  can , really, really renounce . What' the way  the Bhakti?  least like that.  have not been feeling for that. What  ? That  exactly, that  exactly your Maya. Then  know that this 200 acres  not mine. Nothing  mine. See, the unfortunate thing ,  you say anything  mine, that  enough for Maya  catch . Nothing  mine. When you realize that nothing  mine, huh? Then what happens , you become generous. Then you will look upon everyone, huh? You want  help everyone.  long  you say,  have got 200 acres, then you will try  protect your 200 acres, only. Now you will not protect everyone. The other thing  the solution  all  . The art distribution means you don' give away, but whatever the 200 acres  there, you will produce , not for your benefit for everyone' benefit. You will become  trustee and slowly, because you have given  your ownership from within. You legally, the ownership may still  there, but you feel that this  not mine. This God has given and  here,   just doing the work right now.   going    God' servant, huh? Looking after this 200 acres, sir, this  not mine. The shift from trustee ship, huh, from ownership  trustee ship. Yes. Freckness cannot come out  going , eliminating the right and wrongs, sir. This  have been doing, you see.  have been trying  correct the right and wrong  trying  build something beautiful.   not possible. The thing  already beautiful when  start accepting the thing  beautiful, then. Greater beauty will begin  take   itself, but  are trying    poking into... When you work, when  working  given, ? When you know that this  something wrong, nothing  going  come out.  that case also, when you work , then where does  lead you? That means, when you are working with non-expectations, whether something happens  okay  not. You know that person should have that this  not going  happen. Then why are you working? You take  decision, otherwise you... Whatever you , you  100 percent. You feel that   going  work   .    not going  work, why  the hell you are wasting your ass? Spending time, you know like  lazy bum, really not putting yourself into . You better  something else. See, when you take off something, , the full spirit,   going  work. But, you see,   not talking about doing things  all here.   talking about being , okay, and ass, where automatically things happen. And only when things are okay, can you really  100 percent about things, you know? Because whichever way  goes,  doesn' matter. But   going  give myself 100 percent  this one. Then only you can give 100 percent. See,  you are very much affected,  you are very much affected ...  you are not  everything  okay, that things are not okay.  you are not ...  you are  that state  not-okeness,   impossible for you  give 100 percent. Because there   100 percent  yourself present  give 100 percent, you see.  you understand this?  the state  okeness, you are not 100 percent present  give 100 percent, huh? Correct, how can 100 percent come out?   impossible, you cannot give 100 percent. Only when you give 100 percent, there  power.  you give 99.9 percent, there   power. You will realize, especially when you come  Bhav Samadhi  the Satinara Anvata, you will tell everything  tell you, but 0.001 percent, you will not say, damn . You are prepared  say everything, 99.9999, you are prepared  say, but that 0.001 you are not prepared  say. And   going  extract that 0.001 percent, that   job. Now,  you get this point?   that 0.001 percent, that makes everything. Because all these 99.99  all garbage.   that 0.001 percent that you are holding onto, that  killing you. You will see,  Bhav Samadhi, just screw you  until you open  and spot  all, damn out. Until then  won' leave you. And don' come there, here  are  chicken. Don' come there, here  are  chicken. Okay. Veda, there  something really right  wrong. Yes, see what  this? You can make  all rights and wrongs, get caught   . But life will never work  rights and wrongs. Why  mean   working, right   all going into the great Thomas,    right wrong question. See, really  you know that the one thing  really right?  person has murdered somebody and you say   wrong, correct? How the hell  you know? . Because you don' know really. Maybe this fellow has done the greatest service  mankind here. What  you say? , correct. See,  receive,    this state  okness,  has gotten  question  you know all these morality, things must work this way, things must work that way. Why the hell  you say  must only work this way? Maybe there are thousands  ways  can work, isn' ?  have got  state  morality  this country. Another country has  got   state  morality, isn' ? Yes. Another society has got   morality. Why you say  will not work? That' working,  much  this  working. How  you know this  the only state? The conscious mind' function   have morality. Not. You are creating  morality  being attacked  certain limitations. When you really open  and really understand that everything you know  possible, that anything  possible, then you know you are  much greater human being, much, much more vast. There become God. Your rights and wrongs have taken you nowhere. And then you  there and you level  consciousness. This  really nithyavati.