That , conflicts come, huh? Two  three people are there and they are having conflicting views and you are there  the top and you have got  give  decision, huh?  you are there and they are present  you totally  contradictory positions. One person says, this  the way  , other person says, exactly opposite  the way  , huh? And these forces are acting and they expect you   something. Correct? Now   asking you regarding with reference , you know, everything  okay. How  you deal with this situation? Correct? Are both  them okay? Are not okay. They are always there, okay? Yeah. Master, you see, this  the most important position. First you have  get the, get the grasp  this, that  their own way they are perfectly okay. This person from this point  view  perfectly okay. That person from this point  view  perfectly okay. Now, because both  them are okay, huh? You don' have   anything.  tell you,  you take the position, huh,  this  right and that  wrong, huh? You may still have  position.   not telling you must not have  position. You can still put out your right and wrong position. You may still feel this   position, huh?  feel this way. But very important thing , very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, important thing   know that what you say, they may not accept and   perfectly alright for them not  accept . You may give your opinion and say, see, this  what  feel, you  whatever you want. Both  you, huh? Both  you are alright. Don' worry about , huh? You want   perfectly alright. You want   perfectly alright. You want   opposite  each, perfectly alright, huh? Don' worry about . You simply  whatever you really feel, huh?  that right, one? Whatever you really know.  that right,  you please  ?   free, huh? You may get into  problem also, because one person may  this and other person may  this, and, huh? That  where the whole crux comes, huh?  know that nothing will happen. You know,  have the confidence that nothing will happen. Actually, Yeah, financially  every way, nothing will happen. Just let  , huh? Until you get , huh? Everything  okay. Perfectly  your state  being, huh? Nothing will happen, but everything  okay.  stationed  this one, huh? Your message  not  make  person write another person wrong, huh? All you have    maintain everything  okay. Your strength, huh? Your source, huh? Your managerial capacity there, out there,   maintain everything  okay. Then you become  terrific strength for both  these people, you know? Data score? Huh? Data score. Not status score. See, nothing will work status score.  tell you, everything  this world  going , evolving and changing, huh? There  nothing like status score, because  moment  the same  the next moment. The evolutionary process  automatic and spontaneous. Now you become  catalyst  the process, huh?  simply being  everything  okay. You become  source  tremendous strength for both  these people, huh? And they will naturally,  can tell you one thing, they will naturally, they will naturally choose, huh? What  best for all  you? Because you are projecting, now you are holding all  them together and being okay. Automatically, things that are wonderful for all the whole group will evolve out  this, out  your simple state  being  everything  okay. This  what   telling you, now   telling you, now, see, what , what you are all afraid  , you are all afraid  getting off from everything  okay  right and wrong, huh? You are always wanting  impose your right and wrong, huh? Give your decisions and make  that way, huh?  tell you, nothing happens  this world out  your right and wrong things. Yes. ,  everything  okay, things beautifully happen. , this, when things are not okay, things will always deteriorate, huh? Things not okay will lead  more, not okayness and that not okayness will lead  more, not okayness and this process, this cycle will   continuous process. You will never get out  . You are right and wrong, itself  the curse  the whole problem. Correct. First, you know there  nothing right and wrong, huh? Everything  okay, huh?  this state  everything  okay, you make, huh? You make the possibility for  greater evaluation  happen.  you get this point? Huh? '  dramatically powerful management point, but this cannot  practiced  simplifying, you know, things are okay, ? You got   dumb  the state  knowing that everything  okay, truly okay, huh? Whatever happens  perfectly okay and all these people are perfectly okay. This  one very important thing.  soon  you eliminate one person, you are not okay, you are okay, huh? Your organization has disintegrated,  tell you. You have taken  much trouble  build each person, isn' ? Huh? And once the person feels that    more, you know, valued, huh? You have just cut right through your organization. And very difficult  build  organization, huh?  the water decision, you know, the water decision there. There   decision from your side. There, you don' make any decision, you simply are the bond  everything  okay. You are simply holding the bond  everything  okay and within the context, automatically, things evolve. Something should  taken, huh?  there something will  decided? Don' worry about , sir. Something will naturally happen, which  ? Yes. Which  supportive  the whole thing happening.  finally, you have    that state that you know that everything  okay. Correct, always   the state  everything  okay. What    mind  thought, how  ? , you know, what  , like you have   through your energy. You are  that state  everything  okay.  being that, , always knowing that everything  okay. Why   clearing this point , you always are getting into right and wrongs.  need  get into right and wrongs, sir. You just become the catalyst for the process  happen rather than you trying  make anything happen.  you get this point? You  whichever way  works,  happens,   okay. You maintain that position. You don' say   works this   one-legged, okay,   doesn' work, that way, that  not okay. That also you don' have, huh? Here are two options, this and this  that and that. Whichever way  works  perfectly fine. This confidence within yourself that whichever way  works out  perfectly alright,  what makes everything okay, actually. Whatever  going  happen, okay, huh?  you get this point?  you see whatever that  going  happen? See, right now you may not see that whatever  going  happen,   future that may  the best thing  happen, you know. Correct? Right now you may think that may not, that should not happen, but maybe that  the best thing for   happen. Correct? Everything  okay. What? What you feel, you may still have this, this tilt towards one side  another, huh?  long  you are tilted  one side  another, you are not the power  the situation. For you whichever way  goes  okay,   with you, whichever way  goes,   with you, huh? Then what they are going  ? See  you take any side, mother side  child side, you will get into some problem, but you know what  will ?    really gotten ,  that state,  will say, Papa, whatever you   okay, don' worry, you told her that  also okay, you are telling mummy enough, this  also okay, don' worry, everything  alright. You will   that state, whether  not that she must come tomorrow,  that time only then only   okay. See there   complete problem. Correct. And you know   okay.  what, huh? The girl  not coming  time,   okay. Then what happens , the girl has got  great, you know, great friend, huh? Great friend  the father and out  that reverence for the father  least, huh? See father  subordinate,   alright, you listen  mummy and also see, you know what she  telling,  the way tell you, you are okay, don' worry about , huh? Then the child will cannot  astray  all, can she  astray, you know, you are one  the child, let' say, huh?  come and tell you, look mummy  also telling you, you also look  , but  know you are perfectly alright, don' worry, huh? Then your father  your great friend, now? Correct? Suddenly she will not  anything crazy. But   insist, , , you must come  this hour only, now father and mother got together and were insisting  the girl, very soon she will get out  the house, huh? She will find  way  get out  the house, but with this father, what happens , she  very much  home, she knows, ' okay, huh? Everything  okay,  can depend , because  have got certain ways, you know, all our people have got certain ways and  only think that this  the only way  works,  really want  question whether that  the only way  works,   true?   know everything,  know that that  the only way  must work, huh? Why not maybe this  the way  works, huh? See, ' very much open minded, too open minded  think, huh? ' too open, huh?  guess  can all pass,  you are not open  all passability days, then you will start creating competitors, people who have got difficulty working with you and all  that, correct? , what  the difficulty? You want   ahead and  ,  blessings are with you, what you will  now?   chief executive, you know,  task, what   task?  task  simply  bless everyone, you want   , you want   , you want   , you want   , too, that also. But everywhere,  think chief executive must exercise his right and show that    power and   going  demonstrate, that   very important, you know,   going  show that  has got all the...  have put  little attention  that,  open ,  can stand there, yeah, only  want   this,  want   this,  say both, perfectly fine, both  you  , and just find out what you are doing, see that  how  works, because  say,  the bottom okay, for him business okay,  that  okay, and  they have  work together  some area, then they will learn, they will learn themselves how  make  work together, but   only the bond between them, you see,   not the person who  giving this direction  that direction,  you understand?   only the catalyst, they will dance  this award, they will fight, they will  all these, they will  everything, but you know,   holding them together, how   holding them together, you are okay, you are okay, you are okay, now not telling,   actually feeling both are okay, which way comes out  perfectly okay, you please see   organism, the whole shift,   from trying  get the right decision  having any decision  okay, you know, that  what shifts the organization from,  organization   organization, you know from only certain possibilities  all possibilities, well , you want   make all offers, everything  okay, then you are thinking that  are not okay, isn' ? , not true, why? You are okay too, you are with your, every, you are okay, yes you are okay,  you are not okay then also you are okay, they were the nasty  plan, class, now you see what  the necessity  the class, you are for you  know everything  okay, that' ,  you know , they , wonder, only  you don' know, you come  know,  everybody ,  are very happy, knowing everything  okay, are correct, living  everything  okay, everybody  very happy, about this, now what should  our approach when  are having  particular viewpoint and another person  sort  different, correct, see this  the whole idea,   first know that your point  view  unimportant,  got , have you got ,   not telling you don' have  point  view, you express your point  view, but    unimportant, ' totally unimportant, these are the highest lessons  management, beyond right wrong, , after  reach our way  goes, let  , maybe this  the way   intended, let  , let  , bless that thing, you have little watch, what will happen next, very interesting  watch, what will happen next, this  called renunciation, really, real renunciation  the fruit  action, being okay with whatever that happens, you understand this, you want  make somebody right  wrong, you will   fool, you want  make somebody right  wrong, what you , everybody right, everybody right, from their point  view, they are right from this point  view, this person  right, this  the most difficult point  management  understand, most difficult point, unless you meditate, you will never get this point, yes, yes, these are the essential understandings, why this understanding  required , you always think that you have got  put  your nose into the business, now  say don' put any nose into your business, remove your nose, thing will happen beautifully, especially the superior, the higher the manager, the more you must   this state, now,  will say you are going  hold your organization together, all labor problems,   because  this only, because you haven' gotten , that  why all labor problems are happening, because manager does not know how  deal with , whether   , you know,    problem  your office,  whether    international problem,  whether    social problem,   the same formula everywhere, and the same formula, end  you, good and bad   point  you only, and you really don' know, damn whether   good  bad,   open,  say,  really don' know, what  good, what  bad,  far  things  the world are concerned, because things  the world are neither good nor bad, how you are looking    more important than what  there,  you are really  everything  okay,  God everything  here  golden only, but  you are  not okay, then everything  here  very rotten, whatever  happening  the world there  nothing good  bad about ,  tell you, and for that real transformation  happen, because good and bad will   fighting with each other, one side  one time, this means one time that means, one time this means one time that means, you know   going  like this only, Rama was almost, Rama was undefeatable  Rama, every time  knocks out  head another head comes, you know what  means, every time  tried  put  point  you, Rama was putting another point  you, that  what  means,  was also  great scholar,  Rama  explaining, selflessness  wonderful, that  why selfishness  wonderful, only because you have selfish, you protect yourself and  things, Rama says , but only  looking after everybody you become richer,  says never , only  you take out  your own self interest, and grow richer, you are not going   able   , you are not going   able   ,  you take out  your own self interest and grow richer, automatically everybody will become richer, this  capitalist and communist point  view, laptop, laptop, laptop,  going , everything puts another person, puts another point  you, that  why this  represented  Rama' ten heads, and Rama shooting with his arrow, one head there, another head comes , what does  mean? Another argument  coming , that  wrong, then Agraśya,  whoever was the money, Agraśya' sharing,  comes there, and Rama says look, whatever  , dammit,  can' kill this man  all, whatever  say,  says, some counter-argument which  equally valid,    putting argument, the fellow Krozan giving  counter-arguments, ,   not  paatiwal, then Agraśya there, look, palai, you are  idiot, you are trying  win his intellect,   not possible  win his intellect, nobody can  one  making another person wrong,   impossible, you want  win over Rama, win his heart, why you are winning his head there? You are trying  win over his head there, trying  win over his head there, you win his heart, that  the sign that says, , you hit his heart and don' try  hit his head there, you can only win people  love, not  argument,  making him wrong,  defeating him, will  become yours?   going  convince him,  point  view  correct, you dammit convince him, tomorrow  will come with another argument, and your all things are gone, huh? ? You want  convince somebody said,  will convince, huh?  person,  wife,  daughter,  will convince them with  argument, what convincing? Only for  short while they may agree because they don' have the think reactor,  contra-argumenter, tomorrow they will come with  contra-argument and  will issue that song,  there   meaning  convincing any person, huh? What has  happen , heart has  change not the head, huh? And the heart can only change when you keep them together, huh? When your heart keeps them together, then the points  you will automatically change, you understand this? You bring their hearts together, don' try  make one person right  wrong?  most the powerful, most, most powerful management principle, when you win? Winning the heart means  being  love with that person, huh?  opening , you are soft  that person, when you make somebody wrong, what happens  you create  barrier between you and that person, huh? , you are wrong. Here   not like that, you are also right, from your point  view,  looks like that, means point  view,  looks like that, both  you are already saying, what' the problem, huh? You see, here, you are not made anybody wrong, huh? You are totally absorbed both  them. Now, you are not left them out  your heart yet, huh? For the sake   argument, you have not desolated them. , that  winning the heart, huh?