this talk, Guruji Sri Rishi Prabhakar, speaks  enlightenment  beyond practice. Guruji Sri Prabhakar   modern day Gandhi who possesses nothing and lives  lifestyle that most   only dream .  has  official position and commands the power that armies could never possess.  stood for  elections and    leader from whom leaders would like  learn. For about 5,000 years, India has gradually lost its original form. India  very, very highly enlightened  the democratic figure. After that slowly degradation has happened. See Vedas, Guru Pani Shriksa, which came during that era, has not been reproduced again   mass scale. You know one  two people here and there, they realize that nothing like that, what happened during the democratic age. Probably you have seen these Upanishads that have come new, these are new Upanishads. And when you read them, you will see that they are Upanishads. They are not just crap. These are Upanishads. Each one  those sentences, they require  lot  contemplation. They are all  Sutra form. And they require each one sentence,  you want  comment, you will take  whole year  . The age has now again come back where the Upanishads are,  the extreme that the Upanishads are being brought back. Not the Upanishads. Upanishads are the insights into the ultimate reality. They are expressions from being  the ultimate reality. Normally  see things only   dualistic world. And whenever  perceive things   dualistic world,   always  conclusion. You see, you take anything  its limit.  will propose the contradiction. You know,  will open  the contradiction. You know, logically,  you extend anything,  will end    paradox.  give you  simple example  extending the logic  its paradox.  will   little experiment and you will see what  . Anybody knows here why  apple falls? Good evening. What  you know? What   apple falls? Anybody else also know why  apple falls? '  common theory. What?  apple falls with other?  you know why  apple falls with other?  will  all that. You know, huh? You know for sure why  apple falls? Well, that' what the theory has come from. But you think you know, right? Yes. Now here are the good engineers and scientists. Let  take  very good top class scientist out here. Who  the peer-� out here?  surreal scientist  physics.  engineer? Somebody?  engineer? The objective force between any two entities, always there. This gives the earth  much bigger. The smaller thing comes towards . What  the apple? Should you   like big like earth?  bit   earth?  don' know. What  the apple?  why  apple falls?     reality? , . You know you are doing well. But the tacit, tacit, tacit, tacit, tacit, tacit, tacit, tacit, tacit, tacit, tacit, tacit, tacit, tacit. The objective force, the force  attraction between two bodies.  you really know the way the apple falls? Yes. Because there are tracks  the two bodies. They attract each other. And  the apple falls, appears  fall. The earth  going towards the apple. The apple  going towards the apple.  now tell , why  two bodies attract each other? There   natural force  attraction between two bodies.   asking the way  what  attract each other. Opposite force? Why  you two bodies attract each other? That   reality. That   whole world. Amazing. Maybe    meonic force. Why two forces? They are not  body attract each other.  you seem  know when you come? Come and clean that. You see, what  the advice? See, your answer,  repeat what you said.  said, when ask why two forces? Why two guys attract each other?  said, because   natural force  acting. What  you know?   asking you, what  this natural force  acting? But instead  telling, look man,  don' know why two minds attract each other.  know that two minds attract each other. That  why  don' ask any further.  instead  telling ,  don' know what  says.   natural for the forces  attract each other. All that   telling  using the word nature , that  don' know. You understand? But  camouflages     knows something. Actually,  doesn'. But  makes  look  though  knows. Actually, does  know why  apple falls?  you understand?  you know why  apple falls? Telling  what   telling.  what  says , two minds attract each other because that attract each other. You understand? What more you are defined  telling all these natural? This, that and everything? Well, here. Adverses, you can pluck  apple, you can throw  out for  down. Then you are not asking the force. See,   not asking any  them. Even that, let   through.  doesn' matter. But when you use the word natural principle law, what are you stating? That' the right answer. That  all. That  all. What you are telling  why they attract each other. Because they attract each other. That' all you are telling. What else are you telling? Think about . But you use the word.  prevent . You are ignorance from being admitted. Actually, you are telling.  don' know. But instead  telling,  don' know. You said that' the law.  can this scientist, just give  the principles. What happens? See, what   asking ,  doesn' matter. See, you don' know,  you know why two birds are not trying  each other?  course,  don' know. Correct. , what  ,  very simple. You know why  apple falls? Because  falls itself. You see, actually, you don' know why the apple falls. But you say, because  falls. Now, you can say, for example,  knowing  little bit  this, you know,    proportional  M1M2   square and then   the constant factor, you know, concerning that and all that, you can calculate and say, what velocity  will fall, depending  the two masses. And all that, correct? But why  apple falls? You haven' answered the question, actually.  you are going  say, because  falls.  the apple falls   sent  the shuttle, you know,  the space, and put  one place, what? Tell miles above the ground.  might not fall then.  might stay there. ,   asking why  stays there? , you say, because  stays there, that' all? ,  tell you. See, here' the same thing. See, there   question. Answer  this. You are simply what you are telling . That  what  . You don' know. But  accept that' the way  . , that' what the answer . The fact that  should keep  told miles above,  won' fall.  falls from here. That' what explained the answer. There  fall because  something which reduces, and ultimately finishes the ends, the distance  increased. ' inversely proportional distance,  distance increases. You are falling. You know this. You know this. You are still falling. The way  think there   lot  crap.  know. But   still falling. What was  floating  the sky?  know. They are still falling.  are still falling.  are still falling.  are still falling.  are still falling. See, granted, they are acting everywhere.   still falling.  true. But you are having another force  contract . What   telling  very simple. See, when you   asking the question, why you will come   place where you would say, you know, use all these fantastic words, instead  telling,  don' know. You can  one, two, three steps . You know, after that, you will have  say,  don' know.  don' know. But  are very smart  you know.  think that  know that'  problem.  don' admit that  don' know. Actually,  don' know. But  are always pretending  ourselves that  know. Okay? Misha Vasyaopani, say, ' very simple. You know? The one who says, the one who says, the one who knows, doesn' know. Huh? The one who knows that  doesn' know really knows.  are not smart   think,  know that' our biggest problem. Actually,  cannot admit,  don' know. What  the big problem? Huh? What  the big problem?   help ,  don' know. Huh?   your face  now going   reduced now. Your value  going   reduced. Huh?  you understand?  admitting,  don' know. You feel that your ego  hurt. Huh?  know.  know. What you know, you don' know anything. You understand?  know anything. Huh? You see, not knowingness  the original reason  this world. Not knowingness, sir. The knowingness   insignificant, but appears  know. ? See, they are very simple principles.  don' know the principles.  says, you cannot predict anything. You can predict that. Some things are probabilistically, but you can never predict anything. Exactly.   not possible.  don' know. Huh? And that force  creativity  always possible. That creativity, which  present, which  unpredictable, you know? That  God.     creative person, you have got    the state   don' know. Huh?  you are  the state  knowingness, knowingness, what you are doing , you are simply, huh? Repeating. What you know already, you know. Correct? Repeating what you already know. Huh? Being living  the prime state, where you already know.  prefer   honest, but please. , ' not. But please,  are now. See, ' going  understand what ' saying. '  little off. Huh? Nobody came here  tell you that  know what ' for. You asked  question. Correct. And  the best  our knowledge, ability, whatever,  try  answer. Correct.  giving  simile  that, with ego,  think there are two different aspects. .  disagree with you. Okay, you may disagree. But that  what ego  all about. Because ' not netting your heart. ' just showing the point. That' all. You will get .   your problem. . ' just telling you,  don' know. You see, what ' telling , ' not telling,  know you don' know. ' telling,  too don' know, idea. Actually,  don' know.  are all pretending   something great,  else. That' our big problem. And why ' telling you? See.  long  you live  the knowing world, you know everything. Okay? Let  say, you know everything. Everything that' going  happen today,  going  happen tomorrow. That  one that' that' happening  the past. Everything you know. Okay? Let  say, you know everything. How will life ?  don' know.  don' know. What  going ? What  going ? For sure.  you know, what  going  happen next step? ' sure. And what  going  happen next step  that? And what  going  happen next step  that? What will life ?  you know everything. What' happening? Will  have  future  now  the past? What' going   the life? Are you going   the life? What  going ?  still don' know. You see,   very interesting. Very good. , you know, children, you watch children. Just watch them. And you know, they have got such amazement from anything that they see. They are amazed from. They are living  great, all the fantasy from. Anything  possible. You look   child. You ask  child, you know,  the age  three  four, you ask  child, and what are you going  ? Then you know what answers they will give. You ask  few, you will put them together. And ask.  will  very interesting. Because   this all the time. And you should see what they come  with. One will say,  will   the moon. Another one will say,  will   Mars. Another one will say,  will   the sun and come back. Another one will say,  will build very, very big dams. You know, they have got all kinds  fantastic fantasies. And they live   world  absolute possibilities.  ' like, the relationship   the limit  possibilities. And  never ends.  can continue. Correct. '  unlimited possibility. And the children live  that state  unlimited possibility. You see, when  start getting down  life, not when unlimited possibilities  open  . When all possibilities begin  close down, then you get depressed  life. Think about . Yeah. When possibilities begin  narrow down, narrow down, narrow down. You find that you cannot  anything. And you have now locked  from everywhere. And you see  way  getting out. You know? And you see that you are sealed. And you are fixed. Huh? You see such  person. And most   are thought. You know? Most   get into the sealed fixed position. And then  are always wondering, why  life   boring? Why  life   difficult? Why there   joy   life? And you know, the children, that' open,  open  there. They cry also. Immediately, they release from the crying. And  one, they can always say, you know, see  offering, ' all  thing, they can  offered out  that state. They are highly flexible children. Highly flexible, you know? See, they fight with somebody. Huh? Very badly, they fight with each other. Mummy, mummy, mummy, mummy. This man beat ,     . And then,  will not play with you. And then they  away. And after three minutes. Hey, come , smile. Let  play together. , they forget everything. They really start approaching you. You know? ,   people,  have received one heart, one heart from somebody. Actually, you are inadvertently  inadvertently.  don' know whether that man was feeling very bad  that time. You know, something else happened. And then you enter and ask. And then you made  telephone call. And you said,   very busy man.  can'  . Then you take    doesn' like you.  doesn' want you, you know, you interpret all kinds  things like this. , whenever  lose that capacity  totally let , everything  the past and start from new,   you know, fresh. Then our life  very difficult.  soon  you can come into the state  zero, this again, then life starts again. See,    the state  all possibilities, all fantasies,  see  wonderful, wonderful life  soon  you see yourself  knowing this. You are narrow down, narrow down, narrow down. And whatever  know today, may  totally, absolutely wrong. Our cholesterol, cholesterol, ' been telling. And now they say, cholesterol has nothing   with heart attacks. One, extending something. And then you know, you know, always you have  come  the media. ,   neither good nor bad. When you come  the state  neither good nor bad state, then you are open  all possibilities. How many kinds  research work has been done, you know? All week safe. Scientifically proven.  question all scientific provenness, because   also  scientist. And they have added all kinds  focus, focus into  and tell, this  the truth, that  not the truth.  god,  they really knew what  was,  wouldn' have all these thalatomy babies, you know. They really knew, when they put , and all these FDA, whatever  , that  the federal department for drugs. They really knew and they approved . Everything  perfectly safe. And then, what happened? Why didn' they know? Why didn' they  scientific fact, huh?  question every scientific fact that  given, huh? You must  willing  question every scientific fact, because all those researchers were done, under different conditions. And they never thought  this condition, you know.  somehow happened that this condition they never looked  before. Just like bugs  the software, you know.   working and working and working  one find,  doesn' work. You know, you find that the program wasn' working. Some bugs were not fixed.  worked  very, very large computer programs.  know, huh? How the bug shows after five years, huh?   working perfectly, huh? , what   telling you, whatever scientific fact they say  very, very questionable. Now, how  you transcend? You say the whole, the whole science  not useless, huh?  gives you certain parameters, you know, effect  certain parameters under certain conditions. But  can never count all the conditions.  very limited conditions, yes, these are okay. Given these conditions, yes,  can accept certain things. But normally, there are  many other conditions that they never thought , like, simply pop , you know. Because the evolution  such, huh? That these conditions   changing. And new conditions will come out. For example, whatever last  know, huh?  will change abruptly, huh?  the point, you know, what  call  singularity   black hole.  completely changes. The last absolutely breakdown   appointment. Whatever  may know, huh? , these singularities are the creative processes  singularity. You know,  call  mutations. Usually,  biological species  always going  one direction, huh? You can usually predict what the next species will  like, you know? Husband and wife are like this, you can usually predict, huh? That the child will  somewhat like this. But sometimes  turns out that they will   totally different picture, huh?  call   mutation. And that mutation will  such that, you know, the whole process twice all done.  this particular one will survive  itself, then the other one. And  that mutation  much stronger than the normal, then  you wipe out the rest, and that will become the dominant, you know, species. , this process  mutation  unpredictable. Nobody can  anything about .  just seems  happen, you know? Because  the change conditions, there seems    flick that happens  meet that challenge, and suddenly you have had  new mutation happen. , nothing  this world  daily predictable. And this mutation  what   wonderful   evolutionary process.    the state  this total evolution  the possibility   life-giving.   stuck  the known, huh? Because you are really stuck  cause-effect relationship. You know what  call  karma? ' really cause-effect, huh? And along  you are  the cause-effect boil, you are stuck.  soon  you release yourself  the cause-effect boil, and  open  these new possibilities, the new mutation, huh? You are   tremendous creative power. The creative power within each one  potentially present. , the whole process  how you bring out this potential power.  said, everybody  thought. What  you mean  everybody  thought? Everybody has potentially everything, huh? That creative potential  present  everyone. Now, how  you bring  out? Most  the time, people lose their creative potential  they grow. Isn' ? Because they are more and more engaged  the known. They want  exactly the way that they thought    before, okay? They want   secure  their old prescribed concepts, ideas, grants. And this limits them. And they are going  continue   that way, whereas the generations are passing, huh? New things are happening, but they keep  their own. You see, this  the only way  works. And then you have got  lot  problems between parents and children, huh?  call  the generation gap. And this generation gap continues, continues. Uncontinuous, because the natural creative process, huh? What you are all going for   set  traditions, ideas, laws, morality, and you would have defined , right? And you say, this  the right way  live. And the children question  very empty, you know? They say, why daddy? Why  should only   that way?  will  some other way and see what happens. That  for the generation gap. And any society which really allows for this kind  freedom for questioning, huh?  really  very open society.  soon  you say, this   tradition manual, better  . That means that society  dead. That  what happened  India for long centuries. Well,  have set , this  our tradition and this   great man. That' ,  questioning whatsoever. , when some   question,  will   debaard from India, you know? And  question certain basic morality,  basic annits,  for everything,  will  considered  lot  guests.  now   going  tell you  lot more about enlightenment, huh? And  this field  enlightenment,    outcast, huh?   the biggest outcast  the country. And because  question something very, very fundamental. And you will see, huh? Like, you know,   very hard thing when somebody thinks that  knows and  god, you question , huh? They cannot answer. But, say,   right,   right, you can  telling yourself,   right, but you are not answering the question. See, this  not  great,  this?  great   ask questions, you know? Simply ask questions. And people already have said   question. Because they didn' want   question. You would ask, why  this only this way? What  you mean  this?  want  know.  would extend the question one more why? And the person would collapse you. And then people wouldn' admit that they didn' know. See, everybody would like  say that  know, huh?   living  life, man, look what  have built.  got  car,  got  wife,  got this,  got  breath, knowing,  got money and everything. Who are you  tell ?  don' know,  live.  know how  live. Look, this  the way  live. When Socrates asked, the question these things,  became very uncomfortable, huh? They had  give him poison. All the men asked, was   question? Why? You would ask the question, why you  what you are doing? Now please tell  more about what you are telling. And  people regard  explain more, they have found that they were talking foolish. But they wouldn' admit they are foolish. Socrates said,  don' know, you see? That   great beauty  Socrates, huh?  said,  don' know.  think  said,  don' know,  want  question. But everybody wanted  show that they know. Then there   problem. Either you take plate , huh? All these people, they were great questions.