Enlightenment  being  the state  not knowing, not  the state  knowing. Can you let yourself  open?  would say  don' know. And  willing  start from zero again. Again, zero. You know, being  zero  enlightenment. Being somebody  ignorance. Somebody means really knowing something. You know, when you attach yourself  some knowingness, you become somebody. Like  engineer, huh? You attach yourself. You identify yourself  some knowingness, which  become engineer, huh? You attach yourself  some science, which    with the body. You call    doctor, huh? Any knowingness, attachment  any knowingness, will give you  identity. And they are all caught   these identities , you know, our memory,   are already identified with, for example,  structure  part. For example, like capitalism, huh? Communism. All these are boundaries which  have identified with. And  say,   this,   this. Isn' ?  capitalist, huh, has been  thoroughly brainwashed into believing  capitalism, huh?  doesn' question how  got brainwashed into  first  all, you know? You see, there   motion  this process, what  called  experience and belief, huh? Reinforce each other always. For example,  tell you, believe that  person, -lust, not like you, okay? You know,  you start with that belief, people don' like , okay? , then believe you start and immediately, you know, you look  somebody and they turn their head away. You see, certainly they are not like . And then, when they look  you, you purposely  like this. And that tells  that you certainly don' like her, okay? And that person says, the better  live her alone, okay? And now, you prove , '  you that even when you want   and try and talk  her, she says, better  live her alone, okay? And this reinforces your thing that people don' care, huh? , this experience and belief have got  very fantastic process  reinforcing each other. And  always, sir, you know, live  certain concepts and belief systems. And that becomes very difficult for   get the experience when you have, have   concepts. See,  can,   very easy  change  person from being  communist   capitalist.   not very, very difficult because still there  some concept  change too, okay? Can you live   concepts? Can you allow yourself  say, ,  don' know? Very difficult, huh? See, because you are hanging  the air with nothing  protect you, huh? Everybody gets support.  you say, ' communist, you get  party. And you say, '  capitalist, you get  party. But  you say,  don' know,  don' know.  don' know.  don' know people have got  lot  difficult times, you know? , they are made  join  party, huh? And everybody  saving parties.  life, whenever you take  party,   called  ego.   nothing good  bad, huh? Please, you don' make this into something, huh? , you call  Amigo. ', , ' telling what  mean  ego  very simple. You identify with any concept idea, huh? Anything, you have got  ego. That' all. For example,  may have  Hindu ego, huh? You may have  Muslim ego,   Christian ego, you know? These are all identities  some particular ways  living, huh? Ways  expressing. , can  live  zeroness? That requires courage, you know? Because   uncertain, huh? See, everybody wants   certain, huh? , all this tendency towards certainty and security drives   identification with this low inness. Everybody wants  know, huh?  want  know why  future will , you see?  want  secure  future. , you have got  insurance plan. Right?   why would you take insurance? Because you want  know that you will  secure tomorrow. Everyone wants  identify with this. Anything, okay? The next thing immediately that happens  the working  the intellect  this. Why intellect' function  simply  protect what you consider yourself  . That' the function  the intellect.  you consider yourself    American, huh? You will  everything  protect America.  you identify yourself    Hindu, you will  everything  protect Hinduism.  you identify yourself    Muslim, you will  everything  protect Islam. You will give your life for . One question, huh? Because your identification   strong with . You understand? People are prepared  give  their bodies, huh? For the sake  their protecting their identity. , the function  the intellect  simply  protect what you consider yourself  , huh? ,  you live  the paradigm  knowingness, you will automatically have this ego and the protection  the ego. And you see, you will always find wonderful reasons why what you are doing with correct. You are very fantastic thinking about the intellect. You are always correct  see. And even  you are wrong, the other people must forgive you for being wrong, huh? Because you did  not knowing. You understand? You see, whenever you  something,   because you did  not knowingly. But whenever somebody else does , they did  purposely. When anybody shouted  you, huh?   purposefully. When you shouted,   because  you were  some world, you did not know what you did. You see, you must  fine. Anybody here   bad man.    wonderful people. Any person here   bad man.  never come across  bad man  Madhya. Who says    bad man? And even     murderer, huh?  will say,  did  because circumstances made   .   not  bad man. You   the mother  the person who killed somebody.  will say,  know this boy.    perfectly wonderful boy. Only thing  because  company,  did all these things. But which mother would say,  bad, you know,  boy   bad boy?  have not seen any mother. And the certainty, you yourself will not admit,    bad man. You will always say,  might have done those things. But  was, you know,  happened out  the circumstances.   not  bad person. See,    bad person?   good  you, see?    wonderful normal person. Only that person,  retains , you know.  does not know how  talk.   fighting with you.   not fight with you, see? Only for this that man.    good person. Whenever you meet anybody new, you are always known that    good person. Anybody whom you meet? Who you meet?  you know that    bad person? Every person when you meet new,    good person. And that  when some contact  possible.  you knew everybody' history, you would never   anybody. But because you  not know who  , you have given him  long walk with you. You will say, okay, you will take him for what  looks right now. And start now where  , okay? , that possibility   loving the person and your own.  loving life    new rope. That  living   loving life. And you see,   very different. You see  the cause, effect relationship. Everything happens gradually. Everything  systematic. Everything happens gradually. Everything can  predicted. See, whenever there   gradual thing,   predictable, okay? But this  unpredictable, you understand? This   total spontaneous process.   totally unpredictable. Does , does  happen gradually? You understand this? See, anything that happens gradually  predictable. But this  predictable.   predictable? Enlightenment predictable? Unpericulous. Correct? , how does  happen? Sir. You understand? You didn' understand.   never,   never happened gradually. Very interesting. What, what can happen, where   going? Because anything that happens gradually  predictable, within the cause   relationship. You understand?    very simple factor. And you are going beyond the cause   relationship, very calm  the bondage  karma.   beyond the bondage  karma,     the unpredictable,  the unknowing, huh? You cannot  from knowing  the unknowing gradually. You understand?  long  you still think that you know something, what  ? You are still  the knowing only, huh?   like truth, you see.  there anything like  99.9% truth? Anybody?  there  99.9% truth? Maybe last year, one more time. Correct. And you will ask you one more funny question, too. This  very clear. Can any person   20% pregnant? . You know.    creative process. You understand? See, that  where pregnancy   creative process.    fantastically pure creative process. You cannot   20% pregnant. This  very similar. Here   totally  jump.   not  process. There   process here.  process means there   measurement. Okay? Here there   measurement,  prediction, nothing  possible. And you see, everything that  God--path, huh? Has, you know, everything that can  predictable has got  path  , correct? You understand? Everything that  predictable has got  path, huh? The unpredictable does  have  path?  you understand this? , enlightenment, can you get    path? Very serious question. When  ask this question, people will cry. And throw  out,  ? This   very important question. You got ? ' hard  ask that question. You are knowing that that'  lot. , when you are understanding now, see, everything that  within the cause   relationship  predictable. And '  movement from one  another, okay? And there   path. Now, this   jump, huh? This   jump from nowhere  nowhere, huh?  there  path here?  cannot   path here, man. There   path  enlightenment  this. , any amount  Sadhana you , any amount  Yoga, Sanas you , Praadya-mai you , huh? You will get you enlightened.  can give you good health, huh? But  did give you enlightenment. Impossible. , question, won' all these factors put you   state  mind where that thing, that quantum jump, becomes possible? There are many things that are helpful  maintaining that jump. That  also  very questionable. Because, yeah,  doubt. You see, there ,  agree with you  some degree because  certain cases, the mutations becomes much more possible.  certain cases, mutations becomes much more delicate. When the conditions are totally altered, huh? Then the mutation becomes  necessity, huh? ,  you are always going  the known path, you will never get . You must always   the unknown path  get .  you understand? You must  able, you see, what  required for enlightenment  not effort,  not  path. The only thing that  required  courage. Courage    the unknown. Because everybody  secular  the known. This  the insecurity  the unknown. What  the meaning, sir? The highest  time, huh? Sanjasam. What  Sanjasam?  live  the unknown, Sanjasam, hmm? Sanjasam means, you don'  anything, okay? You are not given all effort, huh? You are given  everything.  meat standing there, huh? You  not know, huh? Well, the food  going   given, huh? Whether the food  going  come  not, also you don' know. You may  over Bixia, huh? But you don' expect the food  come. There   set packing. There   set reward. There  expected out  your activity.     state  total, what  call , Karmanya Vasikharasya Mahaparashya Karakya. Stayed where they did absolutely  action, reaction, expected. How come  work, you must pay , ? You are come  work, wonderful. You are done, you are done, huh?  the results come,  comes.   doesn' come,  doesn' come.   willing    that state  total, unknowingness, huh? What  ? There  lots  movement  that state. Yeah, why not? Hey, that  the only creative state. All the other ones are dumb state. You tell , you have  light, huh? You will feel, well,   turned around totally.  you are  more affected  the world. You understand? You are  more moved  what the world  right now.  the sense that you  not have  idea that   going   bad direction   good direction. Because wherever you are,    fantastic person. You understand? Yeah,  know the best.  there  nothing like, you know, things are going bad, huh? But, things are going bad. Things are fantastic the way  , you see. You understand?  there   question  good and bad movement here. This   experience, huh?  the state  living  the mind. And actually, who  are  really don' know. But  are only pretending  know. Really  don' know. , you understand? Really  don' know. But  are pretending. That pretension  thought  Maya, you see?  don' know. But still  pretend that  know. Actually, who  are?  are nobody'. Zero. But  pretend   American. Why  you know you are American? How you become American?   not American. Alright, whatever your German may . , ' difficult. Switzerland, you are Swiss. Okay. , this  another brain machine.  have never taken . You say,  have been brainwashed  nicely, huh? Into being, this being not. Okay, pretension has been  made thoroughly. You know when the brainwashing  complete, huh?  have become Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Americans, Hindus, huh?  have become  tightly, wonderfully, being, huh? Brainwash. You know when the brainwashing  complete? You start really? . When you don' know you have been brainwash. That  when the brainwashing  complete. How  the world around here? , that  why the world works this way. You see,   very beautiful. You see, these are all because ' not  car. Drama, huh? Every person  having his own drama, huh? Who you are  nothing. But you have taken  all these identities just for the sake  drama, huh? , you are making  drama. Play that drama. But the one who knows   playing that drama  enlightened. The one who thinks   very seriously meaningfully doing everything   unenlightened light. You understand?  when your life becomes serious,  for sure that you are enlightened, huh? When your life becomes  joke, then you know you are enlightened. When all meaningfulness  life disappears, you are enlightened, huh? And  long  meaningfulness depends  your life, you are stuck  the meaningfulness. You have been brainwashed into this meaningfulness. There   meaning for anybody, huh? The meaningfulness comes only  the person who has been brainwashed. You see, the person, when  gives  his whole life and says,  life  meaningful,   going  give  life  Islam. You know, meaningful, you give  life  Islam.   very serious about his giving life  Islam.   realize this Islam   joke, then  will not give. But    joke anyway  gives, okay?  the enlightened watchers not jokeers giving their, making their joke. Everything   joke. This  called Lila, you know? When  person begins  experience life   Lila,   enlightened.  long   person experiences life  meaningful, beautiful, meaningful and whatever  all those sentences, you know? How   with  duty, how   things very meaningful, how   very responsible, huh?  person who  totally responsible  enlightened, huh?  person who  responsible. Things that  has   responsible for his life, and children   certainly not enlightened. Because you are not really responsible for anything. Not   going  look after the way, you die, don' take those guys, don'  somewhere. And probably you better, you know?   are the people who take that   our savior, some  our children.  fact, some    and  will  much happier. Because one more, one less, more  feed. , the whole process   joke. But until you realize '  joke, you know, and all very meaningful, very hard towards enlightenment, towards your duties, towards your work, but you have    because you don' have  courage  get out  . Until you have  lot  courage  get out  . You will always  one  this. This  confusing now.   too confused.  have   very mindful. And   blowing away everything that you have  know about enlightenment. See, life  simply  joke. Everybody gets enlightened.   putting  .  put  . Everybody  enlightened. And  will  fantastically broken.  doesn' matter anything. This  one thing. Don' worry. First you will get    joke. Don' make  also meaningful. You are trying  put  into life. That' all problem. You are worried about what  going  happen. First you get    joke. You are trying  put meaning  this joke. There   meaning. You see, when  joke   real joke, when you realize the meaning  things, then you joke, when you laugh.  long    meaningful, you are very serious. ,   going    difference between cynicism and enlightenment? . Synicism,  don' know.  you get this point about meaning like this? ,  get . See, that' all  want. Don' worry about all that. First  all,  you get this?  you get forget about all that? You see, sometimes some people  this drama  cynicism  get you out  your stuck-upness like cyber-might   something. , that you are really astounded. You see, why time-bomb- reduces?  you want  put you   state  not knowingness, and then you   straight now  that state  frustration, not knowingness,  wants  take you   state  not knowingness. ,  don' know anything. Look  this.  don' know anything. Then you get  glimpse  enlightenment there. Where you are with that. That  atli   puhru, you see.  has  hit you somewhere  another. You know, Buddha, you know, Buddha really hit the person. But, blah-bhah-preddhu does something. What  you think  the people like cyber-papu,  chama-tka  cyber-sac? Exactly, what   telling you. Exactly what   telling you, just now. Because they want  shock you out  your knowingness. And you too can   cyber-papu. You only have  have the courage  let   all these meaningfulness. And one very interesting thing here , because  effort  required, there   path. ,   very, very easy. Very, very easy, very easy, because there   path. There   effort, there   time. Only thing that  required  coming. Can you translate? What? Transcending  what   telling you. You are transcendent cause  . 30-30 hours transcendent. Where  that? Could you tell  something from the mind that you were talking about yesterday, how Samani ever had helped?  had some health problems with spiritual and mental health. Come , explain. See, why  will take the same road time, tell you, how health  improved.  the presence  the joyfulness,  the presence  living  this wonder, when you are living  wonder and excitement, can you have  disease? Just examine this. You will not experience  disease. There may   disease  the body, but you will not experience the disease.  what? The hand got  little puncture   little thing.  what?  you are able  ask,  what? Then where  the vein? Where  the problem?  what happens when you   Samani? Samani   state  not knowingness. When you   the state  not knowingness, automatically, energy  open .  far you are restraining, restraining, restraining your energy  identifying with only small, limited things, correct? See,  you identify only with your family and say, only  duty  only   family,  don' bother about anybody else. Then will your neighbors help you? You understand?  your life becomes more difficult because your neighbors don' help, correct? And  because they don' have you, they have  care for myself more.  you care more for yourself. The more you care for yourself, the lesser they care for you. And  all the Americans are walking around knowing that nobody cares for you. And what  the result? Depression. Whole society    state  depression. Schizophrenia. People who are mentally insane. Separation. Because everybody has  look after themselves here. They can' say, ,  can' look after myself.   willing    part  everybody. Let  all look after each other. ,  want  look after myself.    grateful, big fellow. What  happening? You understand? The more and more tightly you identify with the smaller and smaller boundary. The more and more isolated you become.   always struggling  strike. Life becomes very difficult now.  when you are  identity  any limitation, what will happen  you? What will happen  your state  mind? Are  expanded  contracted now? How will you feel? Everybody  your life comes over  that moment. How will you feel about your neighbor and other person living  two miles away? How  you feel about them? ,  you feel long towards them   you feel that they don' care?  you understand?  person who restricts himself knows that nobody cares, correct? The one who doesn' have any limitation, what does  start experiencing? Love. Love  starts experiencing everywhere. Sit the Samadhi Yoga  short, ...  just 19 days, you find yourself totally relieved  all diseases, like blood pressure, diabetes, arthritis, insomnia, ulcers and others. You are free from all tensions and then you can really see what life has  offer. How  this miracle possible? Yes, when you  from doing  non-doing, anything can happen. And .. teaches you this non-doing.  invite you  take this program and experience what    celebrate life. Jai Gurudev