this talk, Guruji Shri Rushi Prabhakar speaks  Moksha.  other words, absolute freedom  enlightenment. Rushi Prabhakar   modern day Gandhi who possesses nothing and lives  lifestyle like most   only dream .  has  official position and commands the power that armies could never possess.  stood for  elections and    leader from whom leaders would . But debate was between Shankara and Mandana Mishra. And Mandana Mishra? Mandana Mishra was  Kashmiri Panditva and  was  Karmaya, Karmami Panditva. Why the philosophy was? You  things  initiated  the Vedas, then you will receive Moksha. That was their school. All the Karmami Mantas could. And Shankara came along and said, ,  the way, what you , you will not get Moksha. You can get Punya out  Punya, you can get Sarka. But you will not get Moksha. This debate went  for  long time.   the most important debate that ever undertook from this planet. Thought  you don' understand, but  believe that was the most important debate that went . Then Shankara went this debate and then  became disciple  Shankara. That was the tradition. When somebody  defeated,  must become  disciple.   became Sureshwaracharya. And  was given the pita  Shankara, not  disciple.  was mandaramishras, but was given the pita  Shankara. And  wrote  important tradition called Naiskarmasiddhi. Naiskarmasiddhi.  Nanduya. Naiskarmas are Nanduya. Naiskarmasiddhi  perfection  Nanduya. Naiskarmasiddhi. And English version  that. And English version, modern version, not exactly   did .   the Naiskarma Parnasad. The most important document  far  spirituality  concerned. This  from  own sadhana. This  the exact mandaramishra Shankara argument put  this form. The most important treat   spirituality  the document. Partly  are going through here.  use the same argument. The vibration  not positive  doing . Okay. Only not doing leads  liberation. The first statement  Shankara  the Dharma Sutra version says, that means, liberation  through atarma. That  the first  one situation  which the entire treatise  through the same. Mind   mission,   sad? Are you? That,  following  the rituals, getting   4.30. What' shipping these treatise  these particular days? Doing tapana like this. And then doing the Gini worship  the morning  this hour and afternoon  this hour and  . You follow   the directions  Vedas. You will get  potsa. You are very strong.   the entire north. That means, you are having  very powerful strong teacher.   just like Swami Daya Nanda. You know, Swami Daya Nanda, very great path teacher.  took over whole  Markan, East. Came from Bengal for about 7-15 hours. , Arisa,  dear. Very strong  Punjab.    very strong. Came from Bengal,  this. . You can imagine such great colors. They have  discuss for 21 days. And then this man was defeated. But most   are not  smart. You can  defeated faster, stand learning. Shankara, didn'  have  much  time    doing commentary  this Sutra Nishatthya, Nanda Paneetthya, and you know, then you  through Brahma Sutra Basha and then you  through Bhagavad Gita chapters and then not like that.  you   some  the traditional schools, then you say, first you must  over all the Brahma Sutra Basha, then you  through the Upanishads, then you  through Brahma Sutra Basha, and then you   and not, and then you may get something. Shankara didn' have that much time  convert all these people    doing . You know,  just went and gave  shot like this. Unconverted, you went somewhere, gave  shot and that' . Just one  two discourses,  converted the entire population.  that time there were  loud speakers.  tape recorders. Correct. From doing  non-doing  converted. The entire country, that was Shankara' Dikujya. You know, that was his Dijya. But Shankara' Dikujya did not  very deep.  did not , you did  pretty deep, but  did not  very deep. The knowledge was again forgotten. Very soon  was forgotten. You didn' get into the general population, the Brahma Pradesh, dinner, get  deeply into . Probably  did, but  got lost again.  after Shankara, these first time that this knowledge  being regained. Very few people there. Very few. That' supposed   900. But the historical thing   was very, you know, about 1500,000 people. But another historical document says  was 900 years. Yes. One who made everything integrated   film,  something, after but this. But because Shankara Charya, after him,  established the pitas. And those people also call Shankara Charya.  what has happened  there   lot  confusion   who  the real Shankara and from whom  came. Can ? . Yes,   not  Shankara.  know that the title  correct. , but you see, Shankara pitas, they are authorized  have Shankara Charya.    one  the sub-Sankara Charya.   not even the Shankara Charya  Shringeripanta. But  belongs  the Shringeri Mark. One  the Shankara Charya, one  the Medley, you know, there   Kudli Matta. There   one Matta  place called Shukanga.  there are many, many small Matas  which they are there. They have appointed there people  their heads. They are also called Shankara Charya. For example Swami Rama,  says,  know that Shankara Charya.  was probably  small pita. You know,  was given. But  was not the Shankara Charya,  did not  . But people say, ,  was given Shankara Charya. Anyway,  doesn' matter. That   Shankara. That was  many years back. But what was the important thing that Shankara did was  draw the knowledge  Nandu. And what happened slowly after  went into this process while  has been skewed upon. Then what they said ,    not out  doing, then they started taking   Karmayoga. You see,    not out  doing that you are going  get , then  must  out  understanding. Then they said, Karmayoga cannot lead  mocksha.  must always , Ghanayoga only leads  mocksha. And  there are  many missions, but they   telling,  are the Ghanayoga,  are better than the Karmayoga.  are  the paper,  are  the Bazaarat Gita,  will tell you that Ghanayoga  better than Karmayoga.   this skewed upness, instead  non-doing what they have done  they converted  into understanding. Understanding  not non-doing. Nobody  transformed  their knowledge. You can  and listen, 1000 times, till you will not get anything. Because the real thing comes only  non-doing. One experience  non-doing  worth 500,000 Lana-chus-based spiritual man. But  lecture,  cannot give you lecture.  the lecture important  meditation important? Well, you can hear   all  lectures,  what? Current, meditation only  important. This  also  kind  meditation. But the real meditative state  what  really, what  really transformed. But   not normal path.   not normal path. You know what else can ? See, non-doing  the only path. You see,  they follow, doing there can  several paths. From non-doing there can  paths. From non-doing there can  many paths. But for non-doing there  there  path. You understand? For non-doing there  nothing  .  what  there , where  the path? From what  see, maybe doing something  one  the paths. Nothing like that. Other doing means finished there. See, all paths are there  doing there. There   path  non-doing. That  why   called  pathless path. ,   not  path, . See,  Vim bhakti there  nothing   done. That  not  path. Bhajte non-doing  one and the same. There  nothing like    different path.  you  all, there  anything spiritual.   only non-doing. That  why you don',  will give you the tips. See, you must listen  these few tips are there. These tips will keep you  touch with this knowledge. Because sometimes you may just  off track, but not too many  required. Just  get you back, there are two  three tips. There are many other tips which are very interesting for you  grasp. But there are two very, very important tips. Everything  okay and nothing matters. And  will give you the steps  you. You play  yourself  least once   week. Going  the road, just play .  will  energized.  gets you back into non-doing. Because you can again get into doing this. Moksha   state  freedom. Heaven and hell, you know, you can get  doing things even unwillingly. You can get heaven  hell. But the state where you are not experiencing any unwillingness  all, that state  Moksha. Well, you are free   whatever you want  . And the benefit  the doing  right  the moment itself, not afterwards. The person  Moksha  experiencing the benefit right now.   not experiencing  afterwards. Why most  the people, you   work, huh? Why you   work? Correct. You see, that' the... You see, you are committed effort. Even though you don' like  get   seven 'clock, you get   six 'clock. And then   work, huh? Why?  the end, you get the... The rewarder. The reward  that paychech, huh? And that paychech  the svarga, that gives you the svarga, right?  least, Naraka, further,  one  that svarga, huh? ,  the cause   relationship, ' always compensated, huh? You put   much, you get  much good, okay? This trading partnership, huh? When that trading partnership  broken, when you are not doing things  that you can get something, okay? Then that state where you are beyond the cause   relationship, that  Moksha. And you come? Now, you are coming from total freedom within, and you don' have   , but you are doing  because you want    there. When you are doing things because you want   them, the benefit  right now, not afterwards. But you  something that' not expecting    that, huh? Yeah, but the thing , you see,  this karma-neyavadi karstai,    practiced there, huh?  will not give anything. The state  enlightenment, the person  not expecting, his happiness doesn' depend  the outcome.   not that you must practice karma-yoga, you must  things without expecting anything.    fool.   impossible.  person does anything without expecting something  happen.   like  chicken,  head cut off. Nobody does . You see? You just simply don' run over into your car and  wherever you want. This  not foolishly some people are teaching  well  others, you know?  your work.  not worry about the fruit  the action,  say, Krishna, karma-neyavadi karstai, ,  says,  very nicely, they talk  foolishness. You understand? You can'  this because  your state  being,   happening. Only  enlightenment, this  natural, not because, huh? You are trying   things with the expectation  results, sir. You are going  get more.   not possible.   not possible.  yeah, perfectly you would  everything with effort, luckily, keep your commitment, certainly you will get certain. Remind. See, these understandings are very, very wonderful. You must get them because  lot   are talking about, you know, you have    heaven, you have  come back,  say. But after much, you don' have  come back because there  nothing  come back , you are going , only when you are trying   somewhere, coming somewhere, then there   problem, huh? Here, there  nowhere  ,  once you realize there  nowhere  , then you are  silence. And when  will happen, after years,  will not happen. Right now, see? , right now, just being with whatever there . Every time you are  meditation, you are  silence. You are burning away all your karma. That means, whatever  your past histories, they are all getting burnt because you are not dependent upon the past histories. You create  new history, huh,  meditating.  you went along with without meditation and freedom, you would simply  adding more fire  whatever that was happening. Then you would  bound  karma. Once you start releasing yourself, now you start establishing  new way. And you are alive because you are living  this state, astaffial,  doesn' matter whether   going   good  bad, also correct, you understand?  person  Moksa  not trying   good. Only  person  bondage  trying   good, because   naturally bad.   trying   good. Moksa  already good, tries   good, you see. , those who are trying   good are all fools. But better   good than trying   bad. But your love for you can  even better. Anybody who  trying   good   fool. But    better fool than  person who  trying   bad. ,  person who   Moksa,   already good and  doesn' even bother whether the things that  does  going  turn out good  bad.   not concerned about the good  bad. Good and bad  only for people who had   told what  . For  person who doesn', who  not within that context  being told what  , because   doing purely out  his own pure wisdom, pure freedom from within. And that  people says, you know,   doing whatever  want  .    Moksa, not true. Just because you are doing whatever you want  , you will not   Moksa. Because whatever you want  , maybe   reaction  something that you  not have. You understand? You are doing whatever you want  . From the sense  that   not have ,  want  have . Then  will  happy, okay? Whenever you are doing something because you want  have something, you want   happy after getting , then you are not really  freedom. You are being driven  this thing  really get   and you are not okay. You understand? You are not  freedom. Freedom   internal space. There  also  lot  people  think that' how they are. Right. Most  the people are stuck. And they think they are doing whatever they want  , but they are not really doing what they want  . They know that' why they point out, , you are not doing just because you want  , because you are influenced  this cause effect that you are doing . You think, you are neither God  God, you will also get  car, then you will  happy. Then that   full sparse.   takes you, except  you stop , make  happy. Correct. Correct.  you are doing anything   happy and think,   doing whatever  want  , not . Find out whether you are really, why you are doing whatever you are doing. The leader  necessarily coming from total freedom and giving . And  follower  necessarily coming, even   thinks   doing whatever  want  . Not  people  the world, they don' care for others. They will  against the law, they  whatever they want  . Okay. You mean deserve that fellow   great hero. Here  courageously are. You know,  need  prepare  pay the price. And  may get away with  also. That  not freedom. But most  the people, they think that  freedom. Why you want more money?   can  free. Why you want more power?   can  free. You mean  say that   going  give you  full freedom? Never. But  spite  , you will  for money anyway. You see, you may talk  this next day. Process yourself. Okay. First, you get . And then every meditation will clear more and more and more and more. When you are always  the meditative state, then you are released.  you are having many enlightenment every day. But the enlightenment will   growing. But this enlightenment   less than the bigger enlightenment. This  perfectly  enlightenment. Only under very safe conditions you are able  just . Now, under more difficult conditions  becomes. More difficult  just light  . Just  patient. And people who are  Moxas city, they are necessary build-  far  God. Can you please take ? And America can also build  person who  out there.  don' think . Because the basics are not proper. When the basics are from Moxas, like Moxas  present. And that Moxas conscious   present. Then the solid foundation  there. And necessarily people are happier. Because they are happy, they are building  beautiful world. These are the different higher levels   far God gets built.