,  you took  several years  understand this, you can buy  article  the box. Several years means after  meditator, 10th alias time. The animal remained   way concept now. ' simple,  ?  you are   morse, you don' have  come back. What  you mean  not coming back  going?  you are  freedom, there   way  . Once you are   way   then, there   way  come back. While all the other people, you may struggle and get somewhere. Then  will drop, correct? You can have your bank balance and then you can enjoy  for some time.  will finish. Once you see everybody has gone,  tremendous energy with them. Even Mirasa, Vishpa and has become Umbhruta. That will happen  your life has passed. The actual knowledge itself has come because  are  such  way.  don' think knowledge itself like this would not have come. ' exactly, ' exactly. , they don' express time also. , you see  lot  people are already experiencing that  heaven. And most  the people are experiencing that  terrible health. And then hell becomes such  big hell that everybody dies. And these people are experiencing heaven. They live.   all here right now also, but some people who are not living this state  leadership.  right now   health  them. Right now  are   very wonderful storage, you know.  break,  hula-hula make   break  storage, right? And then  are fast with this needle, and you don' fast with this needle, ' finished. That lot  people get scared. They get scared,  don' get scared after that, they choose their luck. And   not about India  America  anything. They simply are you living  leadership  not? Then  will  free  move out, you know. You are not  stuck  being  California, being  this place, being  that place, huh? Because they are working, you know, this  not  good place  live, let'  somewhere. Just leave them . Only those who will  the best for the entire world, not because   very convenient  them.  doubt that you can only  the best, but fearlessly, you know, once the switch has happened, and living from fear  living  love, then the progression will happen. And  you have caught , then you will escape from phenomenon. But can   and burrowing gas like this? ?  this place  very upright, huh? Very strong, ' very wide, because there   occlusion, huh? You are just surrounded with  much carbon dioxide.   very wide. But people are not going  lose, this also, you know, one more thing. People are not going  lose, huh? You will die. Don' die, you say somebody told , but  just take .  was person who came from India, and  told, all  the time,  was going   , and  was very far away, sir. But  did not took care, you know. After you got this great disciple, which cannot  cured, then what   used? Nobody realized, sir, this  one great thing  life, right? When people were talking about ozone,  1972,  was the one who was laughing  , and said that,   around the crazy people, you know?   impossible  destroy the entire planet, huh?   not possible, but  have not seen California, you see,  had that time.  mean, did not know what  catastrophic thing can happen, huh?  1974-75, they started recording, you know, what  pollution levels,  some  the major cities, and then they would put out  little warning, you see. But nobody bothered? Even nobody bothered. Even now, nobody ever bothered. And all  you, nobody bothered, because you think, what can  , you know? That you all,  can just  along with the crowd.  you will  along with the crowd. Not that  want   better than you are  the world,   just telling you, even   lose you,   fate will  the same  you are  the world. ,   really need  give  all the comforts,   just being simple, and  out and  whatever that  there,  will  quite happy, right? But , you say,  want  enjoy this,  are very much cut off,  want this,  want this material,  want  live like this only.  live  . Who  stopping ? And you are not aware,  cannot change also, because  matter what  , you will not listen. When you need  scan, really take that scan, and for that, maybe  time  out, you know, cut  lot  , maybe   not  all possible  retract, you know? Already you have stretched  badly, come get out  the way, the feet are stuck there.  mean,  got here   good day, after  came here,  was just showing , and  never told you,  don' know    having time  sit here, you are getting  much, you know, out  breath. This  the thing that  did make  clear base  patient' face. There   freedom, and love. There   expression, freedom and love. Because  has patience, because   not disturbed, then. And   coming from freedom, because nothing  binding ,   any particular thing.   perfectly happy, just you know, you can   your clangotty. Until you got that stage, you cannot say,  took  little like that. You must demonstrate, you know? You and then demonstrate.  have demonstrated, come with , you can   your clangotty.    regularly. You see, this,  soon   call, this time,  will talk  you about the hybrid  the standard.  around for  month, get your clangotty. And   very nice. You just  around, don' you? Yeah, just  around, ' very nice. Look, but just one change  clothes,  just  around. And then somebody will give you the food. You just move with Ramnam and  outside. ' really interesting. But then you really get connected with every person. Who takes care  you  not the rich people? ' all the very poor people who take care  you. Just  and sit under  tree, you know, and everybody will come and say,  have something, please wait. You just have   calm. Which has  Indian Ramnam  very valued. , get into that culture. You have got  not suit but, you have got   your culture. Then you will suit   woman. Which country? That have  available,  country. One Indian  that, right now. Women can  the same thing.  yeah,  take women also sometimes. But  should not   very big groups then, because they are difficult for people, right? Even the poorest  the families can give you  little bit without feeling very stressed. Very interesting. You see,    that root culture  what   talking about.   not  five-star hotel culture, telephone culture, and you know, getting your things done there, culture.  ,   this level. And wonderful things. But  all live like that, even though you may  wearing all these things, you see. This  just for the sake  being  proper yatta   situation. But once you get attacked  your clothes, this  what America does   sometimes. But  will say, Guruji, you know, you don' wear this. You wear this one,  looks very nice, you see. And then  say, okay,  looks very nice. And then  start getting attacked  this, and then wearing this kind  shoe, this kind   chappal, and this one, that one. After  while  consider . , good American,  husband  taking over, you know. That  get over  India,  get rid  all  this. You must tell  about two, three years, sir.  will also accumulate  lot  things and start being, you know. Tip top, American Guru. Ginger. After  create height, after  create everything now, you are now  shoppiece. Well, America requires that, but   not prepared  give  self-miser  this day,   time,  will get lost  .  you take  with  Hollywood market,  will take you more.   not interested. The Hollywood will   hell, also.  want  remake your simple and easy, yet now. You are going    glum for tea, our heart will . Because   transgress that, then  cling  all this tremendous pollution into the world.  soon  you see the first sign  our payment, you live one  living  possible, don'   accumulating unnecessary things. You feel ? Once you are  your heart and you are dressed  Sunday, you are wearing, you are  your edge and then you are  your thing, becomes important. All your Sunday has just gone down the drain, you know.   already even that  cannot say, but  the person feels , that these are all important, then there   problem.   just playfulness,  what? Then you are able  dispose  off, any moment. You are okay. But  you are not prepared  dispose  off, then you have  examine better dispose  off. Don' get that, attack  these things.  that  what first  Brahmacharya and Sanyas. Now you have prepared  dispose off and live one,  cruelty.  you are  clungo, then you can  whatever else you want. But always you must    cruelty   clungo . And nobody will  less, here everybody will get fantastic commander. When  are caught   Shambhya,  grow  lot  food there.  grow and   lot  work there, you know. Not out  greediness, because there   land  here, one  utilize the best out   there.  you  learn,    little shift, huh? And you can have fantastic life. You should have going  with your party,  should. You are  party, you should have  party. You are the host, you are the one who  going   proud  you. God has already been told, you can come and live very happy.   not  simple person,  give the rest  you and  will not have any trouble. You are the key, you are going. You are going   really very happy. First  the training  ,   the clungo , then you  whatever you want  . That was the power  Vishwamitra. But   very thin,  could produce. Vishwamitra got very much attached  this, come with him, you know. Vishwamitra had, had which, was his sister had.  had  wild father,  whole army goes there. And the sister says, you know all  you must  tall and you must not, you know, feeling hungry. All  you please come after 10 minutes, you know, people have  already for you. And this man asked,  don' see any big grain, grainery out here.  don' see  big pakashala, that means  big plush,  can prepare  many food for  many people.  don' see any helpers, how you are going   . , don' worry, you come. And then the whole army comes . And this man  5 minutes,  has got  already,  sells them full food. And Vishwamitra gets  little, this one. With  big, you know,  got such  great, tallassade everything.  can' read this army  fast. How did this man  this, sir? Because  asked, you know, Vasista, how did you feed all these people?  says,  got one cow, you see, come then.  just asked whatever  was itself. Then this man says, you see,   the ruler  this land. And... Because    come then, you know,  would, whatever Vasista would ask,  would  level.  then Vishwamitra says,  want  have this cow. Then Vishwamitra, you know, Vasista says, this cow  not your property. You may  the owner  this thing, but that  also questionable. Nothing really belongs  you, but you are thinking you have  big ruler  this land.  you talk  those terms, you can, this, this, ten doesn' belong  you, you know. Then you say,  will take   force, what you are going  . Okay, let' see, you take   force. And  tries  take   force, that Kamadheno puts out armies, sir.   curious everybody, and   silent. Vishwamitra, you love Talon,  doesn' kill him. This man  okay, now what  you say? Then  says,  thought  was  great warrior, great emperor.  had everything. And this Vasista sitting   little cave, sir, here,   little hut.   able  destroy  whole army. What   use, all  power, all , this,  called life. Kingship.  want  get what this Vasista has got there. Now  starts his tapas,  leaves everything and starts his tapas, sir. And that  how  meets with many obstacles, and ultimately  gets this.   able  create whatever  wants  now.  creates the whole universe, Vasista, here, this Vishwamitra. And that  the Trisham Kusura, out  that only, all your armies are like this. And that  the only thing that  can .  created this. Yes,   also okay. Everything   doing  just  thing. You don' have any menaka? Don' you have? ,  became  manaka.  know,  what, Swami, what Swami only should have menaka. You mean, just  fair ordinary people have menaka.  have been expecting menaka  come.  have been coming  the same room.  think, what was the manaka? , , they are expecting menaka. That  the only thing that has Vishwamitra. That  the best.   the celestial themselves. Krishtha had many, many menaka.  what? See,  you think that you have got only one manaka, then there   problem.  there are thousands  menaka, then you run out  anxiousness. Huh? , , you are not  anxious. Everything  pushered. You are not  anxious. Guruji, who will  the jealousy then? Who will  what? Who will  the jealousy? Menaka will  jealousy with menas also.  this   very interesting straight. And  created,  became such  big tapasvi.  has given  the finest  the mantras. The best mantra  the world  called the Gayatri mantra. Vishwamitra  given  the most wonderful thing.  will have his righteous also. Siddha Samadhi Yoga  short, SSY.  just 19 days, you find yourself totally relieved  all diseases. Like blood pressure, diabetes, arthritis, insomnia, ulcers and others. And you are also very happy with the good and the good and the good. You are afraid from all tensions. And then you can really see what life has  offer. How  this miracle possible? Yes, when you  from doing  non-doing, anything can happen. And SSY teaches you this non-doing.  invite you  take this program and experience this wonderful thing. And  teaches you this non-doing.  invite you  take this program and experience what    celebrate life. Jai Gurudev