Are you free  are you karma bound? This  the most fundamental question  all religions.  this talk Guruji Sri Rishi Prabhakar and Lightens  about the same. Guruji Sri Rishi Prabhakar   builder  world leaders.    computer scientist,  engineer,  active environmentalist, and  creator  forest and forest academics for exciting education.   also  national leader,  guide,  silent meditator, and  active inspiration  simplicity for thousands around the world, whose lives have been touched  him and his dedicated band  leaders. More than all these,    child, accessible  all who come and search  his company. Most  the times,  abandons himself  forests, along with whoever cares  join him, eating whatever comes along, relishing nature foods, mountain air, and quietness  the wilderness. Without bank account, possessing nothing  his own. Living  whatever  offered  love, working joyfully for the welfare  all wherever  , Guruji represents  living ideal  the great masters  India. His greatest contribution   producing many great masters who embody his powerful ray  life, enjoy and ecstasy. They  turn are producing likes  themselves. , what  the difference, sir?  will  all-climbing that everything  spinning, which very often our pure  subkarma, very nicely hang . Then,  whole life   meeting like  affair, because everything  automated, automated, and your life doesn' have any meaning whatsoever, even   sadhana  get out    not available. Then  everything  automated, ' fixed there. Then how you can  any sadhana  get out   also? There'  meaning  sadhana.  that sadhana were  happen, that  also fixed there. , why worry about doing any sadhana? The way you must feel,  mean,   like experiencing that  have  power whatsoever. And this  what caused the death  creativity  India. Many   don' understand this. This   major problem. This  the fundamental question  philosophy. Most fundamental question. Mario Frey  Ario Karma Bond?  everything  karma Bond, then really there  , there   nothing  life. Forgive  for  transition  this, because you are keeping  body connected. That  nationalism which 99 percent  you have learned about your safety.  you…?  you come   person  waste the time  this society? Yes. Robertнетvi Baawritus, which your duty , There   freedom now because everything  bound there. Where  the pressure coming? When  comes  fast.  doesn' matter, past  future  present  dear, when   all bound there. Whatever you are going  , you are also bound there. You are not freedom, whether you will    not. You will  . Whatever you , you will  . You are not freedom. See, Sahajana,  this particular context  karma bound, does not exist. Kursharka does not exist. You have  independence whatsoever because everything  program. You cannot think  being there, even the thinking   comes you will  . Yes, absolutely absolutely. That  what India has become. That  exactly the cause  the death  creativity  this country. Unless this  understood there and understood   very wide scale. You know, our country will remain there,  documented rock there.   not that the,  don' know about the future, the back  fixed there. Not like that,  the back  fixed, the future  also fixed there. Correct,  there  nothing like Kursharka. What whether you know  know,  doesn' matter. Whatever you , you already fixed . Think  few. You don' say that, what some Kursharka. Otherwise, whether you think  not, that  the only one that has happened. And whatever you are going  ,  already fixed there. You can' avoid , what you are going  . That  why   very interesting and very important  understand. Every basic understanding. Please wait.  the elder, the younger  doesn' matter, the theory doesn' change just because your younger older, what  will change there. And , .  are then nutritious theory,   this way that way, you cannot . This  the stupidity  our culture actually. And this has been  major block for  also until  realized that. And before you  this, that the major breakthrough, because whatever  written  that, everything  yours, what   going  tell you now, watch out. Because whatever  have written,   telling you, this   major breakthrough. For this time too. The real lessons  any philosopher, you can trust him  just putting this particular question. Okay? Are you bound  are you feeling? You ask  philosopher, then you will know.   what extent the fellow  not,  they are not,  they are not.   this time that  have found that, that 99.9 percent  all our philosophers are all better. Because they only subscribe  the karma theory. They don' know anything about freedom.  where does the freedom exist? And how  the freedom generated there? What  sadhana? See, these are fantastic questions. What  sadhana?  must agree for one thing, that every cause has  effect and every effect has  cause. This also  cannot deny. Then  everything  cause effect, then  will   mechanistic monotony  well, and   not  all interesting. Because everything can  predicted. , the whole essence  life ,    the state  creativity, where you can experience that you have got  say, mean what  going  happen? And people are prepared  play very heavily for experiencing this freedom. And what  sadhana? Sadhana  the retrieval  karma, that  what  sadhana. Sadhana  not trying  achieve some problem,  repeating the name  Ramayana every day for one thousand and eight times, and then you will receive much more. You will not get anything  doing. All this  nonsense. Whatever pooja you , you are again bound. Whatever you   only more binding, more karma, cause effect. The only way  release from karma   get into akharmah. That  why  says, why  works? Because the essence for  about non-doing,   not about doing. What  sadhana? More doing? Doing aksana  sadhana. Only non doing  sadhana. When you experience, you are not doing anything, that  you are  the state  sadhana.   somebody, and  you continue  pursue your somebody  , then you will build  history, and there   rather particular extrapolation.  long  you are living yourself within the boundary  that somebody  , things are predictable. Because that other somebody has gone this way, you somebody will also  this way. Productibility comes only  somebody. And most people, they  not know how  get out  that somebody  . They are simply going  reinforcing their somebody  . And their life becomes more and more predictable. , where  that possibility for freedom?   only   nobody, you have the freedom.  long  you have somebody you are stuck. , what  this sadhana?   being releasing, the doing and entering into nobody  , where you experience the freedom. Actually you experience the freedom from all boundaries. Otherwise you are bound  your previous conditioning. Now  this process  going into nobody  , you experience  new possibility which never was there before. And that  beautiful. And that  why suddenly people, when they come  , they are 60 years old, but suddenly they feel very, very angry.   they were 15  16 years. Because that sense  freedom that they had again becomes experienced. Say, again,  feel  can restart  life. And when  life?  total movie, called Given movie. When you are doing everything because you want  , and nothing  done because you have  , and when you are doing everything that you want  , you don' experience any effort  your life. When you are experiencing total effortlessness  your life, then you have attained Given movie. Otherwise you are experiencing going towards that, but you are not experiencing  yet. That point where you really kick . This binding, where you are purely doing because you want  , not because you have  . That state  Given movie. And once you have tested , once you have gotten , very difficult  lose  also. There   very special jump. And that jump will happen when you just let  everything. And  the realization that   responsible for everything,  get the freedom   something about . What? See whether you like   not,  long  you are within somebody  , karma  holding   that somebody. True somebody  . Because you are  somebody  ,   bound  happen. Somebody   which you have acquired. And everything within that somebody    predictable. What  the condition? Getting . Correct, correct. Correct. What  the cause? Because there are  many interactions. What can  say you want? Yeah,   attributable  God. See, what  grace? Grace. Grace  the freedom that you experience. And  soon  you will total surrenderfulness, that means  the state  non-doing, then grace descends.  soon, you see,  soon  the unboundedness begins  take over, you are  more within the boundaries. Yes, you are  more bound.  nobody  , you are not bound  karma. The ungrossed relief for the rest  the time also, and being  better than . And the effect  meditation   bring you  that state  -but-unus all the time. , meditates   the end, regularly, and abandon yourself like  child. You will start experiencing. , nothing,   not quick.   nothing. And then you will  very happy for  reason. Because all unhappiness  because you are unable  protect your know--somebodyness. When you are nobody, you are happy when you are  reason. And that  the only real happiness. Otherwise,   somebody, you are happy when you are protected. When you feel that your somebodyness  protected.  soon  your somebodyness  not protected, you feel  lot  unhappiness. Happiness, workah and naraqah exists only for somebody. One who has transcended workah and naraqah,     state called Mokcha. For him, there   svarga  naraqah.  has transcended that into the state  bliss. Sukha and dhikha  only for the ego. The ego feels Sukha when  ,  feels protected.  feels dhikha when  feels kicked. When you are living beyond the ego, you are   state  parabrah-masti-dhikha where you are bliss. And satya  anadhan-bhaya, very powerful weapon. This kicks you -gave you see. Exactly. Not lot  fully. You simply take that  will live  satya absolutely from this moment. All your karmas are kicked  one stroke.  requires courage. See,  Agana does not require timing,  doesn' require effort. Only  requires courage  kick.  kick all that protective mechanism which you are used . And not out  you kick, you will get more courage.  you get more courage, you can kick more. And  you kick more, you get more courage. The other way around , the more you are afraid, the more you hold . The more you hold , the more you will get afraid. The more you get afraid, the more you hold . And this cycle will tend  become make you less and less competent. And that  why most  the people, you know, become incompetent there. The more you say,    mechanical engineer,    mechanical engineer,  become incompetent  learn electrical engineering, and the more you say, this  only  field, this  only  field, when you become less and less competent  handle any other field, then you become incompetent  that field also because you cannot learn anything more.  your ego will, you know, will put you down  become more and more fearful, more and more anxious, you reduce your level  influence, level  territory you reduce because you are afraid. And now   child gets afraid what  will,  will not run  the house, right? And then   gets still afraid,  will not run  the mother, right?   still gets fully afraid,  wants   hugged  the mother, right?  like this, all   are both through the cycle  either degradation  expansion.   you become less fearful, kicker, get more courage.   you live  your nobodyness, you become  wrong mostly powerful person.  you   living  your ego, then you are very powerful within  very particular boundary. And then you will know that boundary  totally helpless, like  .. retired . officer. Palo   fool.  soon   the last day you will remove his chair, Palo  just  nobody fool. And  will die also, very soon. Because   not used  being kicked around  everyone.  was kicking around everyone. Why  true person who  truly serving the society, and  has this position, cannot  removed  others.    retirement. Retirement  only for somebody, sir. Nobody has  retirement. This   spiritual provision, colonel.  human body  thisften. Now ..  want you    boss  the Ferrari company. What? Hernandez . All inadvertent.   leader you can , economic activity. See,   leader also you can ,   follower also you can . Correct. ,   leader you are  -body-ness.   follower you are  somebody-ness. You are doing the same thing. Yes. See,  lot  people ask, whatever means root your life, Baba, you live   place very nice. That  good enough. Why you are worried about your future life? Correct. And that  one thing. And secondly, see animals also have  certain freedom. Not that they don' have  freedom, but they are mostly instinctive freedom. See, what  the difference between  human being and all the other animals? Why all    say, Baba, you have  human life  don' rest. Why, what  the peculiarity about the human race  the human physiology? But   not available  all the other animals. See, all the other animals have got intelligence also. They also have communication skills. They also have everything. They also have sex. They also propagate. They also enjoy. They also  mostly all animals are only picnicking  the world all the time. They are picnicking.  you see  deer, they just  around the grass  little bit and then take  small holiday under  tree. And when they want some water, they will just  over and then drink. And then again they are playing.  other animal  working, only human beings are working. And they   naturally. Now, what  the only difference within human beings and other animals? Which makes  significant difference.  are the only species. Our nervous system  the only nervous system, capable  getting into Samadhi.  other animal has got that capacity   into Samadhi  will.  can  Sadhana.  other animal can  Sadhana. That means  can  going  Nandhi. Nandhi means not being disturbed  the environment. And  have the capacity   non-doing consciously. And  you can  nothing consciously, then you are the master, not the nature. And when you gain  tremendous mastery over nature,  virtue  gaining this freedom, then you are more and more intelligent, more and more powerful and you become like  god. Instead  nature, you rule the nature. That  why god  there. Man  made  the image  god. You can become god. Ganesha  there, Samadhi.  enters into fire, burning fire. Fire  burning ten feet. And   there right there. How  you  ?  has gained mastery over fire. You can also get   doing certain processes, sir. . Gaining mastery over nature,  have that capacity. While most  the other animals are just driven  nature. And why  are doing this?  big deal, Baba.   just one more joke, huh? One more, one more part  the game. ,   happens only then   happy,   not like that. ' okay. And one very wonderful thing about this process, sir. You see,   nobody, this  very interesting.   always wondering why this  where classes always run. Whether hardly any violations, sir.  course people not going  time, teachers not proceeding, canceling, and this and that. Rarely,   almost, you know, you can count  your fingers, sir. How many times   happens, sir?  never happens, sir. You know why? Why most  the other businesses   will not work, sir? They are unable  deliver what they say. Like the way  are delivering the necessary,  don' think there  any business delivery. Even the best business  the world  not delivery. Probably even computers are not delivered,  not delivered, you know. Delivering  the busy people deliver. Huh? Very good. Very good. Very good. Very interesting. ' power comes from the commitment   nobody.  will not  , but  want   , that  very good. While most  the other businesses, they have   . That  very good. Whenever  take  credit project,   one more joke, huh? Well, life   joke, huh? This one  one more joke, sir. And there  another joke  this. Why  play any game? Huh? Just for the fun  , let' talk.  this  one more fun, huh? Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Patas. Simply  have fun. Yes, sir. Everybody can have fun, huh? Anybody who comes here has fun. And when they don' realize that, when they start making yeses  very serious, then they start not having fun, huh? Yes, sir, ' all can become another, another serious  .