But you see the whole thing you must know  simply just nila  God and you are the God. When you are  nobody, you are God. When you are God, you experience the whole life   nila. When you are  somebody, you experience the whole life   big, drama big problem. Just  patient.  are not entering into this issue because you know,   some very difficult  . Actually there  nothing difficult there. And  don' even care whether  happens  not there. And whatever  happening,  are not  burden, something. And very interesting , you see the riots, these things, somehow grown furchas.  least you better look  . Our boy was caught  the riot, Amrita.  was about   killed. But because  had not,  will  caught that satan  nobody else.  still had the element  somebody else, you know. And   will  caught  this part. This  what   experiencing because these are all commitments coming from nobody else. That  very difficult. But what   telling, all these things happen, you see, this nobody knows has  very peculiar phenomenon, which  cannot explain. What  ?   something beyond the normal cause   relationship.     the normal cause   relationship,  can  explained.    beyond that, then you will say   unexplainable coincidence.    miracle.    unexplainable coincidence. This happens  this nobody else. You will somehow become transparent.   not know how  happens, but this  happening. And all  you also,  soon  you are becoming,  you are experiencing this nobody knows. Your life  becoming easier now. There   reason for all  them. All your lives are becoming easier  least here. Simply because you have practicing meditation and you are becoming nobody'.  things are just happening without much trouble  your life. Same things are much easier now. Yes. Yes. Infinite. Infinite. Your power  infinite. This  because you are putting yourself down.  want this paper.  either you can give them the power  you can give yourself the power. You are given them the power.  consider this proto-bhaka   proto-bhaka.  doesn' know. Actually  wants something else, but   confused.  somebody else will teach him. See,  may not  able  teach him  this time, but somebody will teach him.   that  has come here,  has experienced something.  will  and tell you know what  will tell, that these people are open  being with every person.  are not being open  everyone.  will think himself.  matter how much sanctified  makes himself. But you don' give power away  anybody. You see,   the Prime Minister. Whatever  happening,   the Prime Minister. And why you cannot take the position? You also take the position. Karayi. Karayi. Karayi. First  locality, then  becomes locality. Karayi.  doesn' matter, you always know when things are done locally, globally,  becomes global. That  all there . See,  don' think,  can' think small, this   problem.  only think globally, because  have taken  presidency for the world  myself.   think globally.  you can think  . And wherever  ,  propagate this. And  you don' like , throw  out there.  you like , adopt  there. And  purpose means, for you  adopt , because you also want  there. ,   giving you the means  how you can achieve what you want there. And  you achieve what you want,  have achieved what  want there. .  you have achieved what you want,  have achieved what  want there.   are partners. Maybe very selfish, but what  . And  you can bring about these projects, which everybody wants, infinite support  available.  many   can' think this way, because  lot  times  think that other people must . ,  you want   that, you can  that. That' why  think that one person  more important than one person. ,  you want   that, you can  that. See,  doesn' matter  dear. You get one person  two persons  three persons. And   not even about what   there.   about holding  region together. And that brings  together automatically. , you simply have  translate that, your vision, which another person can own, and now you have  partner. And you don' have   any particular thing, things begin  happen  itself.  you effectively translate your vision. And you will have   certain things, sir, which also comes  you naturally, which you want  . See, now for     the church  the mosque,  don' think    effort there.  want   there, because   bringing   very big impact  going there.   don' ,  know that you will not . ,   going,   now driving thousands  people  these places. ,  . And   any wonderful   there. And they are also puzzled, why this man  coming? Something new, you know. After this,  don' not keep quiet,  will  something more. But  always have  bigger project than what you can handle. Like, that  quite one  the biggest difficulties. And  will keep something. And  can actually focus now and think, momentarily, .   not like that.  know. But all these are psychological ideas. These are not realities. . You see, you are all making    these are all thought  ideas. This  not psychological lesson.  nobodyness, you are automatically happy. You don' have  try   happy. And you will  things which  wonderful for everyone. And you don' have  think  doing some benevolent service   kind and the road  club comes  with the pictures. ,   not like that. , all these things happen naturally, spontaneously, out  that state.  somebody who are only interested  yourself,  nobody who are interested  everyone, and spontaneously you take actions which are benevolent, not because  your thinking  being benevolent, because you are benevolent. All right.  will rapidly become more dynamic,  very lazy like , and both    okay with . Yes. And   very dynamic sometimes.   very lazy sometimes, sir. Very, very lazy.  the point. Huh? You can' even see the way you are doing . But   very dynamic, sir.   very dynamically lazy. Karavi. Bhera-vikly lazy means, sorry, even   lazy,  requires  lot  courage, sir. See,   disciplined, any person will  disciplined, right? Okay. See. What  enlightenment?   the ability  that state where you can  totally indisciplined, that  enlightenment. And unoffered   indisciplined. Most  the people are afraid   indisciplined, because there are consequences. This fellow  not afraid   indisciplined, that  the state  mocha. And that  the state called Abhazutna.  spirituality  not about getting into more discipline.   the ability  become more indisciplined, that  spirituality, huh? That means you don' feel disciplined  any person, huh? You feel you need not  disciplined  all, huh? Then you have one diviner, huh?  long  you feel, you have  discipline myself, you have  program myself. Our friend was telling, she wants  get self-reliance, sir, and get this state  being disciplined and  the meditation regularly,  the phaniya regularly,  the yoga pyaas regularly,  this one regularly,  that one regularly, for what? For enjoying oneself, totally indiscipline  the best treatment. ,   totally indisciplined, but   meditation whenever  want .   phaniya whenever  want .  dance whenever  want . Eat whenever  want . Sleep whenever  want . ,   very crazy life, huh? But   very indisciplined, but  that same time, very, very powerful. Because nobody  forcing    anything, and   anything because  want   ,  say  will  . And whatever  say  will ,   because  want    there. ,   give you  word,  will keep  there. Because  want   , not because you have forced    . All the other people are feeling somebody forcing them   ,  don' feel any force. And even   don'  ,  say  will not  . Not interested   , not . , people like  cannot  bought  anyone. You give   million dollars,  will not give you, but you want . Only   want,  will give you. Even for  dollars, three  charges. Mine  free, full service  free, huh? Because  want   whatever   doing,  want  .  hope all  you get this state  total indiscipline, and that  the state  greater discipline, because you mean whatever you mean, fully.  doesn' take time,  requires courage.  requires  little bit  training. With people like , you have   there. You have , that' why you are selling. See, this knowledge will not come  easily. You have    with somebody. You may have  role, but you are still afraid.  have nothing, but   not afraid  . Many people think they have got some money  this cell that, that will not help. See, only  will  able  trust  God, that   very great strength, you know. , God wants  give you everything,   doesn' give you,   alright,  what that? See, you have  have first  all resigned from life first  all. This even movie   state , you will come only after you die. That means, you have already given your resignation for life, huh? Then you can leave   given book, huh? One man, very interesting person, you are leaving ,  think, major van der, like  also went  this house. Did you come? Probably you are not there.  went   place called Siddhana. And there, there was one Christian priest, who was previously,   father,  was previously  Ramakrishna mission,  had understood  lot here. ,  told , see,  don' know when   going  get the money  pay her  expanse rent,  whether  will get the money  eat her the next meal  not there. And  have told, already, God there,   ready  . And  have  problem,  nothing comes,   ready  . And  nature provides,  will  here,  will . Very nice state, huh? And   quite happily living. ,  lot  you have not died, this  another problem. You have  die. You have  come very close  death there, and consciously come close  death, many times, huh? Until you are  more afraid  death. Huh? Because, the game she  one place, but not good enough, because you don'   the state  almost death.  have gone through many, many times. Almost point  death, that means, really,   about  , huh? ,  have experienced these consistently again and again and again. , now   not afraid  death. ,  you really want  get strength completely, what you , ? You  from one place  another place, Padhyatya, alone. You  Padhyatra alone, from one place  another. But, before you , don'   this dress, nobody will give you anything. They will try  take away whatever you have also. You have   dressed properly, you have  get the diksha from  guru, who will tell you, okay,  bless you, you  from one place  another. , you usually choose , the atras, like, the atras, where you are going. You can start from Amadavadhi, okay? But, you must  ready first. , first you have   nobody. And then you get the diksha. Diksha   ascertain that, you know, you enter into the state  Padiness. And then you proceed, things will work out there. But,  you want  test God and  like this, then you will definitely    super. , being  nobodyness automatically you will receive, attaverdha  required. But, these are all things which you have  learn. This you will get  going  advanced SSI regularly, you will get lots and lots and lots and lots  lots. Any steps, second one, connection with the teacher. And then, thirdly, coming  the advanced programs that will happen automatically out  that. The connection  hell, you know. You don'   advanced SSI, there   connection. Well, some going  some satsang once  two, once three months  five months  six months, what? You will not get anything because you are not even started your satsangha. , unless you become strong,  does take time.  this rate,  will take time. But,  can become accelerated  you are constantly  touch with somebody who  aspiring   meaning that way. See, you need not   contact with  perfect teacher. But,  that teacher  aspiring for this kind  life and   going ahead,  will take you ahead. , like  magnet,  front ,  the presence   magnet, even  iron filing becomes  magnet. And,   able  continue the magnetic flow. Similarly,  teacher who  connected  Guruji and that teacher connected  another teacher and that teacher connected  you, still that current  flowing. Ultimately, nobody must   the driving force. , all   have  train and... Parasya, even with  lot  training,  took  several years. You know, one jump  another jump  another jump. But, there was  difference. Our Guru Parampara was not set . Like the way  have set  now.  supports. Like, right now,  can support any person who wants, who  done  his life, who understands. Want   fully immersed.  can provide them. Not the facilities.  can take away.  can give them  job.  can give them... You know, fundamental necessities  life,  can give. But,   Navarong cases, our teachers could not provide that.  mean,   standard,  was not provided.  Guruji provided. Even though  had nothing,  used  could provide that. Because his house was available  everyone. ,  knew that even    fit  out   house,  have got  Guruji' house.  own strength,  have found.  own strength. You see, you cannot depend  your jhana, sorry, your ball ... Never depend there. You stand  your own truth here. And you must   lone warrior. Even  nobody joins, huh? You must  the lone warrior  yourself, huh? Then only other people will  able  join you and take you. You are  useful person  everybody. Other people, you are simply, you know,  you join , then  will .  you ,  will .  have  stupid people. Then both  them will collapse. , this  being responsible. That means   responsible.  will not hold you responsible for  not happening. See,  told about Sanju.  told about this. But what    feel  that   responsible for not training him.   responsible for not letting them know how  choose people also. Now, this   good experiment. Now,  have found out that  have learned one more lesson. How  choose  people who come here?  can' table  any person, huh? , ultimately, that self-responsibility  the most important, you know, power that you have. Don' rely  your father, mother,  your property,  your friends, nothing. You depend only  your own truth plan,  your own strength plan. Then you will  very powerful person. Siddh Samadhi Yoga  short, SSY.  just 19 days, you find yourself totally relieved  all diseases like blood pressure, diabetes, arthritis, insomnia, ulcers and others. You are freed from all tensions and then you can really see what life has  offer. How  this miracle possible? Yes, when you  from doing  non-doing, anything can happen. And SSY teaches you this non-doing.  invite you  take this program and experience what    celebrate life, Jai Gurudev. You are free    the gym