Freedom. Everybody wants   free. But how?  this talk, Sri Raviji, one  the oldest disciples  Guruji Sri Rishi Prabhakar tells  what true freedom . Freedom. Freedom.  look into what  freedom. Freedom means, freedom means   whatever you like. Freedom means  think whatever you like. Freedom means,  whatever you want  . You want   like anything you want  dance now,  you can dance, you are free. You want  say something  somebody, you can  and say something  somebody, you are free. You want  sit   not disturbed  anybody and you can  that way, you are free. Satantara. Whatever you like    freedom. This  what the normal understanding  freedom. But   the other way around. That  freedom  the opposite  this. What  ? What  ? Like whatever you . Like whatever everyone does  you. Like whatever  happening right now. Like whatever  happening both internally and externally. Whenever you  anything,  you want , you are free from .  wanting  not wanting   whose hands? Why? Hmm? One thing  not one thing   your own hands. You may want , you may not want . But you are not  free  say,  want    don' want  there. You are offered bound  satan things which are already conditioned before  hand. Like  want  only  these conditions. Hmm?  want you only when   free. When  have nothing else,  want you. You know,  satan conditions,  want you.  satan conditions,  want you and whatever you ,  like . But  you come  this hour, please don' disturb . You know, that means you are one turned not wanting, likes and dislikes are already conditioned. Already conditioned. Already conditioned because  are being living  one set  life thinking this   safe, free zone. People are very free  home. They think  least, you know,  some extent. You know,   free. You know, you vote your home, you remove your tanshars and wear one dressy and then  shirt, vanyan, something like that and you hear. ,   free, huh? Hmm? And somebody comes, you say, somebody comes, shush, shush, shush, shush. You know, you feel your freedom  now restricted. You know? You are freedom.  what degree you are free depends   what degree you have got the condition set. Normally, you know? That' condition? More free.  condition? Totally free. You know, when you have  conditions whatsoever, you are free. How you can have  conditions  your surface, when you have  conditions  anybody. And everybody, everybody. Then you are free because freedom   two-way traffic. Freedom  that? Two-way traffic. That means, unless you all know everyone   free, you cannot  free.   sense, what are? Unless you all know that' allowed  hit you, you cannot hit that first. Hmm? Freedom   two-way traffic. Unless  all know you   free, the way you want  . Why you cannot expect myself   free with you? Otherwise,   conditioned  you. When  condition you,   already conditioned  you. When  say,  feel very happy  you are  dross  this way.  you come  the other way,   restricted. You know?  you come   and then take  bath and all that, and then you come  , then  will hug you. You know? You know?   restrict you with that condition,   not free   free. And even though you are not there,  already care  this condition, even without you. Hmm? Even without you,   conditioned. For example,  tell  wife, you should not  with any guy. You should not talk  any man. You should always maintain this distance. Okay, you must always behave this way.  have all these conditions that  least   don' tell,  keep    mind. Whether  tell  not,   keep    mind,   not free. Right. Wherever she ,  will  watching.  will  worried about what she  doing, why she  talking  this person. What  their problem? Even  she  not there,  carry . Because    going with another person,  will carry  she does this thing with another person. That  how the freedom  restricted. Any conditions you put  anyone,  whether that person  alive  not, you are not free. Even  God, you put conditions, you are not free. You know,  God  born freely. How can   born free? When you have  conditions for forever, your God will  free. Just like your God, you are free.  your God  like this, who will  this  this and  this  this? You know, like  protects the people who will  good and  will punish the people who will  bad, then you are also conditioned   only such things and the condition not   those things.  you are not free   anything. But  you are just thinking about the God, you are not free. Anywhere, whoever you see,   the same thing. Whether  God   anybody  anything  same. The whole world   reflection  you. Actually,  know chai sari. But the same type  freedom  not  problem. Correct, but the same. Freedom needs  make chai  whatever you want. Freedom needs freedom  make chai sari. Yeah. Condition  then how  come out  . Yeah,  will come  that.  all conditions you said  anyone including you   you only. With those conditions only, you are   restricted affewer freedom. You can only choose that which  within your conditions.  you are left  someplace, where your conditions won' work, you feel you are restricted.  you   someplace and your conditions are not there, like you say you must eat with your right hand only. Like this you have got  condition. There you , people simply hug. Like they  , you are putting both hands and legs and everything and they eat. Then you feel that your freedom  taken away.  may  with  civilization man going   uncivilized place  uncivilized man coming   civilized place. You have seen God must  crazy. You know, say, work  them feel the same restriction  freedom.  far  you don' understand that this  how  . The only way  come out  the freedom   see that this  how  . Right? This  how  . This sense  letting  comes when you start looking  the things that this  all that .   all there .   all there . When you come into that state  nothing   done, ' all fine. ' perfectly okay. Then you have freedom  have  choice. And that choice   live  the moment. The way  . There are two ways  living.  was telling you already about one  the things, like one  our teachers were telling. But whatever  want  get . Whatever  get   want . This   statement. That  what  the statement. What did  get?  want .  said whatever  want  get . Fine. Whatever  get  want . Until you get  you have tension. Whatever ' getting  want .  ', every moment ' enjoying the life. You are  meteoristic sannyasi. '  sannyasi meteorologist. You  this. That' all. See this person has  choice  the extent  getting what  wants.  his choice depends  the thing that  gets.   choice depends  what? Nothing.  depends  nothing. Correct.  depends  nothing. Freedom standing  its own  freedom. Freedom standing  something else  not freedom. You know,   say ' very free because  you, because  you ' released  this one day. You are bound  . You are already bound. Like somebody went  Buddha and told her,  Buddha you blessed . Because  your grace ' able  meditate. You know what  happening now? Whenever  close  eyes you only come   mind. And Buddha said take  sword cut off  head. You know, because you think that because  , you are doing this, you are still bound. But having  reverence and getting stuck are different. Having  reverence, Bhakti  different from getting stuck. Hmm? Actually, reverence come out  letting , not  getting stuck. They are totally opposite actually. You know, when you can accept that person, whom ever you have, reverence means, when you can totally accept, however whatever whatever whatever, whatever all the conditions with that person  perfect, you okay? You know? And however  becomes later  okay. Whatever  does  you  anybody  okay. You know, whatever  won'   perfectly okay. Everything with respect  that person  totally okay. Then   the Bhakti. You know? What they say  Arvabhakti Sutra. Narva  asking the question, what  Bhakti? Narva says Bhakti. Bhakti  the ultimate  love. Devotion  the ultimate  love. That   culmination  love  eat  Bhakti. Love culminates into Bhakti.  says, the next question  asked about the student, what  love? Narva says   something you cannot explain. Okay, basically with Bhakti,   also the Narva' ultimate  end. ' because letting , can   said anyway about ? Doing nothing. Like  anybody else what  doing nothing? Just doing nothing. Any effort  teach doing nothing  not doing nothing. Because  another person says that, you can give  description  the thing, you can add one, two  three things, one  four things, that' why  want  ask. They say, the results are Bhakti. They never say about what  Bhakti.  cannot  said. Even Arjuna asks Krishna. You know? , what   fitaprajna? Who   fitaprajna?  will just find  Bhagavad Gita, let  know. You will say, what  the result  being fitaprajna? You know,  will never say, what  fitaprajna?   fitaprajna? But   what  . And whatever   here,  will ask fitaprajna,  cannot tell you anything more. This   great secret. The final statement   great secret. You have  find  out  yourself.  letting  only, you will know what  . And not   explaining  you things.  you making  choice  choicelessness. You know,  making  choice  choicelessness, that whatever happens  perfectly fine. You know? Whatever happens  perfectly fine. You know?  that only you will learn what  the rating. How  make  choice  choicelessness  the next question. Again.  will  like that. You , ' really easy  realize . You know, you can put different words there. But  will not make any sense until you say,  with  does not matter. You know? Whatever  . That  what the freedom . Freedom  not simply having certain conditions and happy because  those conditions are maintained. You know?  lot  people will feel they are safe. Everyone feels safe. When those conditions are set and they are  those conditions, people feel safe when they don' leave their home. People feel safe when they don' leave their town. People feel safe until they are safe  that job. They feel safe until the wife will not say,  man. You know? People feel safe until they are buying  balance and they feel safe  much  the neighbors won' trouble. They feel like there were some safety zones. Safety zones. And they are not safe  those zones again.  you making  particular choice, you have made yourself unsafe. When you say,   safe  home already have created unsafety all around. The whole thing around has become very unsafe for you.    more secure fault. Just because you made   secure here. Just because you made  choice  ignorance, the choice  ignorance creates more   trouble around. Any choice  ignorant man makes, leads   problem. All the ignorant people ask, What choice should  make Guru Maharaj?  the Guru says, Who shall  marry? Tell . This lady  beautiful.  love her. But  parents say, marry this girl because she  very good   parents. Who shall  marry? Should  marry the person whom  love? What shall  ? What  the choice? Marry . Marry . She  the same. Whether  marries this girl  that girl  the same. Because anybody who  thinking that  has  choice and  makes  choice,  stuck.  stuck  this  that. Because she says, She  far you are  left girl  home. And she   left girl. And she   left girl. And she   left girl.    right girl.    right girl.  her  this girl says, the same thing   problem. Because  marry you,  don' need you.  miss her.  need you but  don' want  marry you. Correct.  she marries her, she says,  love her.  love her  much. But because  parents,  know  marry you. The same thing. Hell here  there.  ignorant man makes choice.  ignorant man asks, tries and makes choice and gets stuck and suffer. This  something quite inevitable for  ignorant man.  enlightened man has  choice. And  knows that  has every choice  live  this moment. You know,  total choice   this way and  enjoys the moment. And   totally free. Nobody has any choice. Nobody has any choice. Nobody has any choice. , whether  doesn'  anything actually.  doesn' choose because  knows  has  choice. Right now   inevitable.  knows. That' what. That' what  .  choice. But  won' have.  has  choice. Nobody has any choice. Nobody has any choice.  has  choice. And  chooses   choiceless. All right. You know, and  enjoys.   perfectly okay firing the meat. The shift  this. The shift from ignorance  enlightenment  just this. You know, from choice  choices. People think actually  having the capacity  choose whatever  likes, ' free that  ignorance  the world. That  ignorance  the world. '  big thing, right? What  consider  very highly intelligent and highly innermost, capable person, actually   the one who failed. That  why people say that the hands  children. Rama, Lakshmana, Bharata, Shetty, all  them say that they love each other. You know, all  them came. Who are those two children who catch all   hours? Five. All  them failed. Because these children, they will total choicelessness. They are played for play sake. These people are for their, you know, security sake there. You know, they are kingdom there. These things, they have  problem. Akshya  Deyaga. Hmm. Hmm. This   funny thing, huh? Very interesting. , there are two kinds  things that  understood. How you can step some choice  choicelessness state. Hmm. What   two-way art? Out, but both are same, you know. But with respect  your state  consciousness, there are two ways.  looks two ways. Hmm. Like side  side   the cassette. The same cassette from this side, you say side  side, you say side . And you will listen  music  side  and side . Like that one day. One , one way   say that   ,  don' care for anything ,  particular  happen. Whatever  happening  beautiful, fantastic. Okay. The way  , the way  . , what? You know? This  one thing, one way. You know? Then you are totally free. And you have,  that freedom, you have  thing  choose the next moment. You know? Choose anything, this freedom, not choose  particular thing. Choose anything  the next moment. This  one. Another thing , say,  don' have any choice.  know .  left  God. You know?  will choose whatever  best.  knows what  best. Even  ignorance may not allow   know what  best for you.   get , probably  knows why  gives  . You know?   get into this problem, what   feeling   problem. Maybe  solution for some other thing. You know?  don' understand. Like there was  king,  had  minister. This minister says for everything, God' grace. Anything happens? This  God' grace, Maharaj. One day, Maharaj was cutting apple. His finger got cut, totally cut out.  did  cut. His finger got... Chop, lost. ,  finger. God' grace, Maharaj. Mahamandri said, This God, this God, this God-water-related thing. King, you said, what?  finger cutting   happy for you, man. God' grace, you say? Putting  the prison.  said, God' grace, Maharaj. Even  you put  the prison, you said, God' grace, Maharaj. Don' show  your face. Come .  much furious. After some time, this king went  for hunting. There  was caught  the cannibals. And they took him there. And they had  big performance,  was  puja where they want  sacrifice  best man, like  well-fantished personality. You know,  must have all that good, great quality, all  every way. Good intelligence and everything plus, plus, plus.  they found the king. They took him there. They tied him  there. They said, okay,  are going  sacrifice this fellow. And they were about  sacrifice before that the chief priest came  check  this person. Then the checker  his body, they found one finger missing. They said, this  anavikala. This fellow does not have  proper finger.   not the perfect man. You know, for our sacrifice,  are doing something injustice  our God. All right. Take him out, throw him somewhere. They threw him out and then  came back  the kingdom and  said, this fingerlessness has helped .   really God' grace. You know, what the minister said  right.   called him,  said,   sorry. What you said  right.  thought  have  choice. You have  choice and   right.  said, still   God' grace. How come? And   very sorry  put you  the prison. You know,  said   God' grace. Everything  your God' grace. You suffering  the prison, you need  say God' grace. Maharaj, otherwise  would have come with you  the hunting.  not you, the next person will  . The next person would  . You know,  sacrifice, because you got anger and put   the prison,  will survive.   our God' grace.  don' know how the God' grace .  think that God' grace  not there and  say, ,  have  choice  make her. You know, and actually  have  choice  make .   all God' choice.  thought God' command, not even  grass will not even the grass will move.  this  what this . This  one way  understanding the sense  principle. Simple principle, that means  choice. Whatever happens  fantastic. You know, whatever has happened  beautiful. Whatever that happens will  superb. You know,  this freedom, you are living. You know, from this state  freedom, whatever you look  life, you know, whatever you look and you have  wish. You know, whatever that there, you have  wish. That  you make  choice. You know, for life  the vision. You know, what  vision  this vision  that which you foresee  the presence,  the present,  total freedom. That  what  vision.  you have got any kind  restriction and you say, you know,  cannot see this thing.  must see only good things   vision. You know? , hello,   ice-open? You cannot see. That means with your ice-open,  this choicelessness  life, you still don' know that you have  choice. You still think that there  some choice. That choice  create, you know, that  think there ,  what   Maya,  illusion.   ? Right,   all there . Still,  you think that there  something else, what can  ? You are sitting there. Now,  say,  don' know, you are not sitting there. That which   illusion. Right, you know, there  still life here, you know. Like you are suffering.  saying,   not suffering,   not suffering, the suffering will . Will ? .  you telling, even    suffering,   fine, even    suffering,   fine, positive thinking.  will .  will . You are suffering with that thought itself, more, you know? , you are not suffering. You are asking , how, you told  everything, but how can ? See,  have  problem, you said, you problems will all   acceptability, and still  have the problem.   fine. For    fine, but for    not fine. Well, you are not suffering. See, you are there  help everyone and , and also that you are not helping . Give  some solution.  will give you some solution. , today' condition ,  already have the solution, you know,  hand, still you are asking , give  some solution. You have the key. You are asking   give  the lock. Give  the lock. You have the key, you are asking   give  the lock.  can only give you  lock.  you want,   give you anything, give   lock for . Again, get stuck. Come, you are all, you are suffering. All this stuck upness, all the problems, all this  simple, simple, simple periods. Just  being okay with whatever  there,   fine. This  the way  .  like the way  . Whether you like   not, that   way  . And  you like ,   fine.  you don' like ,   not like this. , can anybody give you any freedom  anybody? , . Can anyone give you freedom? You cannot give freedom  anybody. Freedom   virtue, one   person, who  courageous enough  live  the moment. You know, not everybody can  free.  tell people, Pari, you don' have  right   free. You just listen  , this  . Because this  all. You have  freedom only when you surrender totally, totally  everything  yourself. You know, otherwise  freedom.