freedom until you will drop cravings for freedom. The idea that MSP free    trapped.  love   with the prison.  you put   the prison,  love that.   happened when they caught Arabi Lov, the terrorist  that time. The terrorist  that time,  also made people right. They caught him putting him  the prison. Next day,  has   presented  the court.   the prison, when  was sitting there, suddenly something happened.  thought, okay, all  have done  done.  will start, okay, ,  will just relax.  wanted  kill that fellow, killed him.  wanted   this, this, this. Fine, now   here. The moment this thought came,  just started looking around. ' all beautiful. All this time, you are thinking there are people bad. They have   eliminated. All these things. Simply went out. When  did  jailer camp and looked  him,  saw. Hey Krishna! Kannaya, you came  see . Fantastic.  have  dear one who  born here, right? Fantastic.  have also here. Krishna, fine. Who are you talking ? Ghanma. Hey, how are you? How are you?   totally Krishna'.  very wonderful. You know, when  was brought  the court  the time    silent within,  , cannot even say Krishna. Whoever  sees,  sees,  sees,  sees Krishna. Simply tears coming, looking  everyone. Here, nothing  say.  choice  make. Whatever the choice Krishna gives  fantastic. ' put before that, and then  has asked. Now say, you have done all these things. Will you ,  you,  you,  you clean guilty?  said, Krishna, you will . ,  Krishna, what  will say  fantastic. You know,  the state   just there. And that Krishna sitting  there,   say, your guilty and  give this punishment. Krishna plays. Give him  punishment. 20, right? Whatever Krishna  giving   process. Just 20, right? You know, for everything   simply this. You know, total let . And  that was  present wall, and even you cannot buy, you never shopped. Wait and start  them.  think  will find something. Anything  valid, because they are not here now. You know, that' why freedom  only for the courageous people. Even Rama didn' have the freedom. Only Anumaya had the freedom  jump from here today. Because  total let .   not  choice.    master' choice  live this way. You know, Rama said, get   wife.  said, why don' you get your wife? Why  you tell  ?  said, whatever you say,  your order.  live you and your servant. Just till that everything  beautifully happened. Rama couldn' jump.  could jump. Definitely not. This man could jump easily without effort.  said, right, ' sitting there.  could have simply brought Sita there. Come, mama, sit   shoulder. ' taking you.  says, she says, see  you take ,  can come with you. There   problem. But what  the people think  Rama?    fellow who sent his servant  get his wife.  must come and take . Then only your master will get the respect.   something  that  can come here and take . Then  says, okay, this  your choice mother. Fine.  problem. That will also  fine. That' what  . Actually,   not Rama and the whole  Rama and his Anamayan. Yes. You know, until Rama  with his Guru, with his parent,  Saranthrafulness,    great. The moment  left that,  immediately realized that  happened. You know, until  got ,  said, Hanuma, who could show miracles? Monkey could show miracles. You know, because  what? Total Saranthrafulness. You know?  has nobody  surrender . Poor fellow Rama. His father died. Guru  left.  . You know?  thought . That  why   limited. That' why they say, even  God takes the form   man,  requires  Guru  surrender. Because  the Saranthrafulness,  will realize his Godliness. The God, like you. You know? The God' you will realize your greatness, your godliness, only Saranthrafulness. You know? When God comes  his temple,  find out what  happening there. God comes  the temple  see what  happening  there. All the bhaktas are  queue, offering their coconuts, this thing, that thing and all that.   was just standing there watching what these people are doing, how they are worshipping. Somebody standing there saying, what are you doing? Come, take  coconut and come and offer the coconuts.  said, what? ?  said, what else?  Saranthraeng and doing all these things only,  will realize God.  standing here and watching   will realize, come , standing  you.  said, then  took  pair  these things and  stood  the queue.  also stood  the queue. Even  was right  the coconut.  didn' see that   breaking coconut  God.  saw.  said, they are doing all these,   also doing this. And  came out,  said, why are you already doing all these pujas  this stone?  said, you see stone? True. ' God' man. See, they are. , that  what  .  went  equality,  equal terms with that. That' why  didn' see.   had gone, another bhaktas,  could have had the same pleasure  this fellow  having. You know,  couldn' have this pleasure because  came  eat.  went  equal terms. The point here , see, unless you surrender, you don' realize your own value less. Unless you surrender, you don' see the total freedom you have. Either zero  infinity. You know,  that jump, you will not see till you surrender totally. Letting .  don' know.   very happy.   very happy. Much  ease because  don' have any problems with Guruji telling ,   doing    problem. That' why people think that they have the free only after that, you know why? , they think that there. They are upset  that, that' easy. When that  the number  fear, right? Once you have killed your resistive,  they think that that  the... , anyway, someday   going  fear, but   happens, then   free. Only tonight  will  free. And this cannot die  himself. Not committing suicide,   telling you. They die internally. The ego cannot  dead, you know? The donkey cannot  dead. Dead donkey.   alive. The dead donkey  alive there. You know? ,  will have his power.  has  wait till his body dying. But  will not get free. Because   not  voluntary thing, and  found out one thing. Those persons who are totally learnt this freedom within has  voluntary depth. Whenever they want, they can die. They can leave this body. Vichha Brahma  possible for this person. Not for everyone. You know?   there for  person totally  Sarendra Prana. Totally  letting , totally  non-doing.  any moment,  wants  leave this body, you can say,   leaving. Just like  leave the body  meditation,  body, you know? You can leave  forever also, you can say. And that' okay,  leave  there enough. And then,  know more doing . You know? This freedom  there. This total freedom  new  keep, anything,  instantaneous  anybody who drops him very fear  death, fear  whatever that you are holding. You are seeing, when you leave the fear  whatever you are holding. Your affidavits, darkness. You know, you are seeing, when you are  more affidavits, darkness. That' all, when you drop the total darkness from your mind, you are seeing. That',  are worried about death. The ultimate fear people carry  death.   die,    bad. Yes,    bad. The greatest fear, you know, that' all, ultimately what would happen  you? That' all, right? That' all, right?  what? Once this happens, this can happen   many different levels again, you know?  can happen  the intellectual level, the -appenant feeling level,  can happen  the actual experiential level, where you are dead already, where you are dead already, being dead  the world, you know? The dead level, death   more  fear.  those who regularly meditate are who are  meditation regularly.   say regularly-meditated, sitting and frozen the eyes don' realize, who are  meditation constantly? These people are already dead, you know? They have  fear  death. This person can voluntarily choose  leave the body  keep the body. This choice  only available  the person who has made  choice  living , constantly doing nothing. Doing nothing means, and nothing  choose. , now the questions are from  side.  freedom does  mean that   what you like?  freedom means, there are certain places, people,  condition.  when can you have freedom  what time? You can  free now  never. How can you get freedom? How can you get freedom? Why not climbing for freedom? You get freedom. Why not climbing for freedom? You are  freedom. You say,  damn ,  don' care for freedom. Buddha says,  don' care whether  take 10,000 chennmas   die now.   live for 1000 years. That' not matter for . See, one thing ,  have learned  live  conditions for all these years. For  many years,  have learned  live  conditions. And  have been living  people who are living  conditions. You  home and you say,   free, you always say, what  you mean?  you are going anywhere you like, come sit there, have food. You say,  don' need food, shut , eat this. Just because you did this, you think you can eat anything? Today you must eat cook food only. Why not eat? Big sannyasi agha, better? How? , ,   free. , , , , , , , .   free. You know? Either you have  take  jump  say, you know, bye, see you.  you have  take  jump  say, fine, whatever happens. Just enjoy. Yeah. Well, fantastic.  they will give you all kinds  tests and, you know, whether you are  asset  you are  asset,  will climb, they will  all kinds  tests. Then they will judge your  value. And they say, okay, this seller   saltish seller. Because  enjoy  conditions, whenever people are  conditions, they enjoy people when they are also conditioned. People will say, she will  there   don' take her, she will  there today.  she says, the other person enjoys that,  says, you know, you really?  .  was taking two cups  severity. Two,  take four cups, you know, morning, , well, this , you know, before going  bed,  was taken. Yes? Then this becomes  heroism.  there,  can drink any number  cups, any number , you know, coffee cups. This   lot  sense.  know you are seeking.   sleeping,  can drink. You know?  this becomes  heroism. You know? Conditions become heroism.  the world  ignorance. You know? Like people say,  have  many children,  have  many children. People, this . That was  condition  that time, appreciated. Now they say,  have only one child. They say, , ,  have  children. You know? Conditions. You know?  there are  actions. For freedom. There are  actions.  freedom.  particular, you know?  requires some kind   shift, and  courage  say, this  not matter. Whenever  happens  you, you got . You got  means, Bhagwan .. what   that you give?   like that. You know?  . Whenever you are not free, enjoy that. Like  said,   stuck.  there   point  trying   free, ?  point  doing anything for freedom.   you are not free, not free,  you are free,  what?  who  the cause for your stuck- plan?   stuck for  stuck- plan.  .  . Hmm. There  stays, somewhere. Who  the cause for the ego? Hmm? Mind  nothing. Mind  just one which shows you whatever  . Right, mind. You are right there. You only created the ego, because  looks comfortable for you. You   the thing  particular. You are  freedom only. Yes. Until you have  total freedom, what you have  ? There are certain rules. There are certain rules, for people. You know, who are ? ? Followers. Ship? There are certain rules, different  people who are ? Total freedom. They are different. You cannot expect them.  cannot put these rules  Guruji. You know? Who  the truth  different? When you  plan, when you will  plan, when you will meditate  different. For you, this  the thing you . But  total freedom and there   puja. Nothing. , Sanyar, nothing.  Hindu, you may not . ,   meditation, nothing. There was one man,  was   temple, putting his legs  the Shiva Linga, and sleeping comfortable. This man gave and said, what, you are keeping your legs  the Shiva Linga? Don' you know that   God? You can keep your legs  that.  said, see,   old.  cannot lift  legs.  kept  there. Asha,   . You help   putting  somewhere. And this man came  lifted,  left his legs and kept  there. They are  the Shiva Linga. What  this? Again,  kept asking , , some other thing.  said, what, asha,   , you kept  there. Then  took  there and  kept  here. They are also  the Shiva Linga.  said, where ever  keeps your foot, Shiva Ling  coming. Asha,   this, what  happening? , how can  come out  the wheel? For this person, why   very simple? Very leg and very head.  leg,  head there. Everything  simple. For the one,  whom the chapels are, the flowers make  difference. Whether the slippers are prone,  the flowers are put there. Makes  difference. For that person, rules are different. There are rules, but they are different. They are still there are certain rules, sir. They are different. The rules for him ,  only when you like. And you like, feel like being. You should not  for  sake  anybody. You just .  you don' see anything for the sake  anybody, you will come back into this category and  has   whatever has been described  Shastras  the ... from . Guru.  .  has  live   . This  the total paradigm that  carried between  enlightened, living and the ignorant living. Highly, totally different. People cannot question, they can. You cannot . You have  right  question your Guru, who whatever  does. Actually, you have  right  question anybody. Sadharma, Needaram, Shriya, Karatharm, Bhaya, Vaha. Practicing your Dharma  ultimate. But all your Guru' question you,  that  will help you  establishing yourself  your own Dharma. Otherwise,  will   looking for other people, for your support. Supporting your ignorance. You will  and find out, are you doing every day, Thanayam? , not.   not trying   . Anyway, how can   Thanayam? See, there   problem, like there.  you   another fellow, only  will get this. You will not approach  Guru  tell,   not doing Thanayam every day and  will tell you, Shit,   every day. , you will not   . Guru, you may say that. Then you will approach him. Approach one more week link like this. You know, other escape   find out what reason  will give you. And you say, , this  also  beautiful reason. ' just,  have another reason  will tell you. , yeah,  can  this reason. Now,  was doing for one reason. Now  will  for two reasons.  says, getting  from our mind  something difficult.  will say. And  will say, whenever there  something like yesterday, night,  sleep. And   eat anything,  will   party again. , there  two reasons. And  you eat two people,  and ask another person, each one will get three reasons. For what? For not living  this moment. That' why    compulsion.    compulsion.  freedom.    compulsion for  student  live with the master.  you want  make your life full  miracles. That' miracles. Miracles are coming. Miracles. You don' know what  say about what. Only once   while,   happens, you can say,  1932 stories. But every moment, every moment will   miracle.  you want  fill your life with miracles, the only way   surrender and see the joy. ' all doing your thing. You know, not doing simply beautiful things that happen. You know,  will   miracle.  will  like  magic show. Even the wish that comes  your mind,   happens, ' also sent  him. And  happens. And you say,  got  idea. You don' know who gave the idea. This  the finest thing  live  bliss. One   understand yourself. That nothing needs  happen for you. Another   know that everything  taken care. You know, just enjoy. You know. Siddh Samadhi Yoga,  short, SSY.  just 19 days, you find yourself totally relieved  all diseases. Like blood pressure, diabetes, arthritis, insomnia, ulcers and others. You are freed from all tensions. And then you can really see what life has  offer. How  this miracle possible? Yes. When you  from doing  non-doing, anything can happen. And SSY teaches you this non-doing.  invite you  take this program and experience what    celebrate life. Jai Durudev.