Nothing ultimately matters. When  live life  this consciousness and let this sink deep within ourselves, life  nothing but ecstasy and bliss. Guruji Sri Rishi Prabhakar emphasizes the fact that  the ultimate analysis  life, really nothing matters.   not important what you   your life  what you accomplish, but what  important  the experience  doing whatever you . Guruji,  have  very big problem. One  the most difficult problems  have, which  never had throughout  life, now  has become  very important, very important item   life.     telling,   bold. When    the factory,   doing the same thing again and again and again and again.  has become very repetitive. But   now bold  death. What can   about  boredom?  was not bored like this before. And  find that almost the whole  humanity  bored. See, when you are  child, you are not  bored. Gradually you become more and more bold. And  will  anything  escape the boredom. Watching    escape boredom, taking alcohol   escape boredom. Going  movies   escape boredom, call from friends and disturb them and disturb yourself. This  for boredom,  solve your own boredom. And here you talk  that you can overcome your boredom. But this boredom seems   the most, you know, the greatest  all diseases. And  matter what they , they seem   bored. Some people who stay   job  the same city, they feel that   were  travel, maybe, you know,  wouldn'   bored. And the persons who travel, they say,    bored going  this train, catching the same train, going  and down,  and down,  and down. Travelers, this travelling salesman job  the worst job ever.    bored.  wish  would stay   place, you know.  matter what they , they seem   bored only.   was looking  the origin  this boredom. Then  asked  friend, man, you are very tired  going  the factory and doing the same thing again and again and again and again. You think doing something again and again  what  boring?  really doing something again and again  boring, then  asked him,  you feel very bored  take that cup  tea  the morning? Well, you know, you get  and then you want  take the cup  tea, cup  tea  the morning. You are taking the same cup  tea day before yesterday and you have been taking the same tea and how come you are not bored with the tea, huh? Because you are not bored with the tea, you are not bored with brushing your teeth also. When you want  take tea, you will  and brush your teeth without any problem whatsoever. Are you people bored with brushing your teeth?  have not heard anybody bored with brushing their teeth, huh?  have not seen anybody being bored, you know, eating food there. They don' say,   bored eating food there, huh? Any  you are bored eating food?   bored with the tea. Someday, sir, but  you don' get that food also, you will see, you will know the same food there, huh? Everyone, nobody complains, huh?   bored  eating, huh?   bored  drinking. Maybe  there   lot, then they may say, okay,  want  little choice here.  there  only enough  eat, huh? Whatever you want  eat, huh? You will eat  very happily, huh? Even that may  the same thing. All our village people here are, they eat only rice and dal. Rice and dal,  curds, huh? They have not seen curds, huh? Even  you give them, they can' eat because they have not eaten  their life. Baji also, the one day baji they can eat  probably potatoes, huh? They can' even think  making other baji. They are eating the same thing again and again, , they don' say,   bored  eating this. See, doing something  not really boring. Any physical action need not  boring. But  are bored. That  one way thing. Taking something  not... And  said,  also appreciate, for example, the sun comes every day  the morning, goes  the evening, huh? Every day comes   the morning, goes  the evening. '  repetitive cycle, huh? And  goes . The whole world seems   this cycle. Repeat the same thing, repeat the same thing, repeat the same thing. And  being  part  nature,  also repeat that, huh? Certain things. And then how come bored,   gotten into this picture? See,   could have some kind   instrument  get into  animal, huh?  the,   elephant   tiger,  don' think anyone  them would complain that   bored, huh?  there was  instrument,  bet you they wouldn' say, huh?   bored. There   animal  this world who  bored, huh? Only  human beings seems   bored. See, none  these animals, one very important thing  none  them work now. They don' have the concept that   working. Somebody  driving them  make them work, huh? They simply   eating and whenever they have eaten, they lie down and they are just focused  little bit  know  somebody  there  attack, ? That' the only thing that they are watchful about.  else they are simply eating, enjoying, eating, enjoying, enjoying themselves. None  the things  any kind  work. You may consider  work, but they don' experience   work,   sure. See, along with, along with the higher intelligence, one  the things that  have gotten,    sense  insecurity.  are highly insecure and  want    storing  things  that  can  secure. Our whole life seems   only about security. And  man who has overcome his sense  insecurity,   enlightened.  doesn' mean that  having  crore  rupees, you will become enlightened because  person who you are  crore may still feel that   doesn' have sufficient, you know?  wants something more.  long   wanting more  there, then his life will  one  luxury only. And there   possibility for boredom. And most people are only interested  security. And they feel that certain things will bring them security  certain happiness and they want  acquire those things that give them the security  happiness.  our friend, making money,  feels that  will give him  lot  pleasures.   wants  run after money and make money. And everybody   its game. See, boredom  like  small shall  call  the aliveness scale.   like the first step down. From being there, first step down  boredom. And depression   very deep state  non-aliveness. When you lose something, you become depressed. When you gain something, you feel  little great for  while. And then again, are you depressed? Most  the people aren' depressionally. Very few moments because, see, the thing  like this. '  very beautiful thing  analyzed. See, when you don' have  thing, you are always sorrowful that you don' have . And when you have , and you  get , then there  the fear  losing . , you are not having anything. When you don' have , you are the unhappiness  not having . When you have , you are the unhappiness  losing . Actually, you know pleasure and pain, they don' come one after the other. They are simultaneous. This much pleasure, automatically that much pain, automatically  there. Whether you experience  directly right now  not, those two are simultaneous.   like North Pole and South Pole. See, you can never have  South Pole stronger than  South Pole. But everybody  wanting  make the North Pole stronger than the South Pole, you know.  call    accounting law. See, every person  this world wants  have more assets than liabilities, correct? See, pleasure and pain, assets are liabilities. All these things, anything  this world,  tell you, anything  this world, any action whatsoever. Has God its balance automatically present  the very act itself? See, there   darkness without light. The more and more bright you make, the more and more clearer will become the shadows. Isn' ? You cannot have darkness without light. There   white without black. You know, white depends  the black   white.  whatever you   this world, however holy you may think whatever you are doing, huh? Has God  corresponding unholiness attached  ,  tell you. However holy you may think you use your action, huh?  corresponding unholiness  automatically attached  .  matter how much good you want    the world, huh? The more good you are trying    the world, the more bad you are creating automatically. Whether you know   not.  you are very much concerned about cleanliness, cleanliness, cleanliness, huh? The more and more deltive will begin  see  your consciousness, huh? You know, you always  something, the opposite   will automatically come ,  tell you, huh? The more and more holy, huh? You want  establish something. Now the automatic corruption  that opposite, huh? The opposite  that will get accentuated simultaneously. The more you try  build  honesty, huh? The more you know, the leaving will  going .  fact,  there   thieving, there   necessity  get honest, you know? You understand?  there , whenever somebody  talking about something, huh?    very concerned about something, you should know that that fellow  actually creating the opposite  what   talking about, huh? Actually,  his own, huh? FID  creating the opposite  that. Nobody talks,   talking about immorality, immorality, immorality  morality, huh?  there   immorality, you know?    much concerned about immorality that   going  talking about morality.  you understand?    much immorality that  why    much stuck   talking about morality.  the fellow  not seeing morality  immorality,  will not   talking about morality, ?  you talk about morality? Only when you are hit becomes full  immoral things, now? Then you start talking about morality. Isn' ? See, nobody goes  talking about food, the food, the food, the food, the food, food, food, that. When there   food there, everybody will  talking about food only, huh? Isn' ?  there   water, everybody will  talking only about water, huh?  there   electricity, everybody will  talking about  electricity, you see? Trains are not running,  electricity, huh?  something  being talked about very much, huh?  means, somebody  seeing the opposite  what should , you know, what you want  actually happening, huh? And this process, you see, this  what  call  creating space, you know? See, creating space,  accepting  just the way  , huh? opens   space,  new possibility where something new can happen, something that was never there before can happen.  have already talked about this, for example, you know, our wanting  get rid  these caste problem, huh?  this country,  have taken    national referendum, huh?  get rid  the caste system. The more and more  are working  trying  get rid  the caste system, what  happening? More and more complex, the more and more intrinsic  has become, huh?  has become more and more solidified, huh?  solidified that   now being written into the rules and regulations  government, huh?  such  point that when you , the first thing they will ask you  what caste you belong now, before they never bothered about . Now, the more you will connect, the more solidified the problem becomes.  then you ask, then how   solve this problem? Now, first  all, see you trying  solve the problem  itself the biggest problem. Correct. You ought  not   nothing about . That' the whole thing.  nothing about . But  requires  lot  courage, huh?   nothing because there'  big problem standing  front  you, and how   going   nothing about  then?  must  something about . You see,  requires fantastic courage, huh? Fantastic courage, fantastic understanding  say  wouldn'  anything, huh? Not even saying , but actually seeing that everything  perfectly natural and    order,  need not  anything about . You understand? See, that way you are preventing the natural flow from happening.  child  going bad.   not listening  .   going this way,   going that way. Yes,   exactly supposed   that way. Please leave him that way, you know? You understand?  you can leave him that way, then you are free. Why you are stuck? ,  you say  must not  doing this,  must not  doing that, then  doing whatever  does,   controlling you, you know? Correct? Whatever  does,  just disturbs you. And now whenever  wants  disturb you,  can  and then disturb you very easily. , first thing  seeing that whatever  happening, must  happening. Use the first thing  see you, see?  values which says things must  this way only. How  you know  must  this way only? They understand. You are creating  artificial barrier  the flow and then you are wondering why you are getting  much pressure, huh? What  the pressure? You put the one-diversal one now, you are experiencing the pressure and the pressure will get built, and you see, whatever dams you have built  far, very soon those dams will not  there.  you know ? Well, whatever, maybe your macron angle, how long you think   going  stand? Maybe another hundred years maximum? None  these things will stand, you know?  will only hold our short while and then  will pass through. See, water which  extremely resilient, ?  will subdue anything that you put  its way. Anything that  resilient will subdue anything, ? That  kept  its way. This  the lot. ,  the loud   this. What  that?  think  the towel, teaching.   always, always the soft one, huh?  will always subdue the harder one. Water will always pour, you know? You will always put holes right through the rock.  you understand that  matter what you , you will create the opposite  ?  you all understand  not? Because this  very important understanding. This  the most, most, most, most, most, most important understanding.  mean your effort  trying  change, you know, something like you can never make something more than the opposite  , you know?   impossible. You know, when you give, there   lot    taker. You cannot say this fellow   beggar. You understand? You cannot make the giver greater than the taker. Without the taker, where  the giver? Then why the hell you want  make the taker? Huh? Any less than the giver? But  have got this holiness, huh?  think  giving,  are going  get something. And there are  lot  clubs, rotary club, Lions club, huh? Many, many clubs, they are only interested  giving and giving and giving. Now they think they are whole year than the people who are taking. That' why   very difficult  understand when  were kind   the fairs, huh? You should  grateful  that person who has accepted what you have given, you know?   not easy  understand, huh? When  says this one.  what  are telling  don' try   any damn thing, huh? Because all that  futile, huh? Whatever you   certainly futile.  knowing that whatever you   futile, when you , huh?   very fantastic. Until then   not fantastic. You see? That  the players way and the shift takes players from working for Karma Palatu, releasing from Karma Palatu. You know? Karma Neyavati Karasya Maapalesh Kadasa Chana becomes  reality only when you see the uselessness  everything that you , then you can  without worrying what  going  happen  not going  happen, you know? See, when you are acting from this state  nothing really matters  life, huh? Whatever  , the opposite  that  automatically happening.   doesn' damn matter. Then you can  happy doing whatever you are doing because you can only  whatever you are doing, you see? You cannot  other than what you are doing.   not what you  that  important. The experience, please, the experience  what you are doing that  very important. Now, what you are doing, the results  what your actions produce  totally unimportant  terms  material production. But what  the state  which you  whatever you   itself the finality. And that you will not get until you realize that whatever you   totally absurd, huh?  you see that whatever you are doing  totally absurd  not? You may   prime minister,   absolutely absurd don' worry. You may  looking after 500 leprosy patients, absolutely useless, don' worry about , huh?  many reprisions have died, nothing. ' absolutely useless don' worry, huh? See, why    telling that only birth, huh?  will announce that. You know, what  ?  are very happy  announce that the birth  our new baby, Seema,  such and such  day. And then  announce that.  are very sorry, huh?  are very sad  announce the demise  our other,  and   such and such  day. Why? You must  quite happy that your father also has gone. And you must  quite sad that this child  not going  experience the same problem  what you are experiencing.