But that  also all right. ' not telling you know you should prevent yourself from being happy, prevent yourself from being sorrowful. , ' all right.  you are sorrow, fantastic.  you are happy, fantastic. How long ' going  last? How long ' going  last? ' going  last.  think and then something else will start. See  doesn' mean that nothing  going  happen. Even when you see the total absurdity  the whole  creation and all  your great actions  doesn' mean nothing  going  happen. Lot  things are going  happen anyway. The only shift  the person who has realized that nothing  really worth , huh? But still ' doing. Happyly doing whatever ' doing. Because nothing else   ' doing this, that' all.  choose   , huh? Not because  produces some particular effect, huh?  choose   right now what ' doing. You know that  freedom. But all   are caught   what  going  get out  , huh? Everybody  worried about what they are going  get out  , huh?  get out   nothing,  don' worry. Today you' got all those stones and put  there.  what, huh? Probably tomorrow, you know, all that ' get filled  with muddha and they may , you know,  dam that  conceived .  what? , what? Simply  whatever you ,  , that' all.  here   not only here, you know, once you realize then  new space opens  which really freedom  there. You are not stuck with all the effects  this action. You are doing because you choose    right now, that  all. The whole, you know, the result  this action, what you are going  get out  , what has  happen? Everything has happened already. Now you can live moment  moment  moment  moment.   start thinking too much about living  moment  moment  moment  moment, then also  are stuck  the past.  that also  not, huh? See,  lot  people make  big deal out  living  enlightenment, huh? That  another stuck  this, that' all.  want  learn  live moment  moment  moment  moment. ,   you don' live  moment  moment, ' alright, shall ? Even that  your less, huh? Because whatever  say, see people will automatically create the opposite, huh? And you automatically create the opposite  , right? See, all great things,  far   know, all great things  this world,  call  greater.  something that has opened  new possibility, that  call  something great, you know? What  call  something great  not something that has been done, you know, over and over and over again,  don' call  great, huh? When some new possibility has suddenly opened ,  call  great. ? When pencilin was discovered,  was great.  call nothing like that had ever been there before. When satellite communication happened,   great because never like that,  ever present before, right?  like that one,  went television and you can see television, what  happening  Delhi?   fantastic, you know? Suddenly you are having something very great, that was not there before.  this new possibility , and that  what life  feel  all about. ' about all the repetitive things also, huh? And   also about this great blossoming,  new possibility arising. And all these people who have brought  this new possibilities have always found this secret  being  nothing matters, you know? They have always found very deeply within themselves that nothing ultimately matters. And only  that state something has happened  them. Whether    intuitive discovery, huh,   great piece  art, everything has happened  that state where nothing mattered anymore, you know? Something beautiful came   that point. Whether   the Ureka  Archimedes, huh? That also happens when there, nothing seems  matter, you know? And  believe, she  also one more thing. They have found that most  the heart attacks  the world seems  happen only  the bathroom. You know, finally, man, goes  the state where nothing matters and now  can very easily leave and . Until then   probably holding   his life, huh?  soon   goes  the washroom and  experiences  very decent, very good relationship.  does, you know? Very happy   there. And suddenly... That.  have seen people who hold   life, you know,  daughter' marriage  not done, huh?    holding , holding   his life.  soon  the daughter' marriage  done,  has seen this, huh? People holding   life like this. ,  you can  dying all the time,  you can really   that state where nothing really matters, about , about  life and what everybody else' life, wonderful things can happen. But  don' assure you this will happen because you will always get caught   something happening. And   alright.   alright for you  see something  beginning , you are beginning  work and something happening. But just watch . You are beginning  have something happening  this world.  else   very dangerous,   serious,   very, you know, life becomes hilarious, huh? When nothing matters anymore. Until then   very serious, you know? When you are stuck  having certain things happen, then you are very, very serious. When there  nothing  happen, then suddenly you find, , you are very happy. Don' know for what reason you are happy. Suddenly you are very, very, very, very, very happy.  was also,   also thinking,  metamorphosis slowly,   taking place here. Because  was very serious about giving this message, huh? And that itself   big stuck-upness. You know, this   wonderful, people must have , huh? People must have  and then you get stuck. You are trying  give something and then you lose your own aliveness.  for   happen,  have   like this,  have   like that,  have   this way,  have   that way. Then only people appreciate, then only people come, then only people will take , then only, then only, then only. And then with all these,  myself have  stuck-, huh?  doing only things this particular way, huh?  please everybody else. And this cut-upness  only because   stuck  the first place  see that this thing goes, huh? Now   realize,  say,   goes,   doesn' , what the hell does  matter? Then   free. Then  may  , but   not stuck  all these pain  trying  satisfy everybody here  there.  leaving this  more important than teaching . Everybody  caught   something must happen, huh?  here,  with,  what, huh?  wants  get something, that  why   doing that.  said,  you want  get something, don'  .  you are nothing  get, then   all right.   telling,  will  anything  want,   perfectly all right.  said, what  you want  get out  doing whatever you want? You say,  what  get out? And then automatically you are doing will stop. You know, get  your silence, not  your, not get engaged into your action and accomplishing something. You understand? See, get into yourself, not into getting something. See, before doing, you ask yourself, what  the result   doing this, sir? And then ask, tell,  what,   happens  does not happen, then automatically you are doing will stop. After doing,  came  know that   wrongness. Because there  over what. And somebody beat you also,  what? That  all. First  all, you are doing itself, these rages, itself will calm down  you ask,  what   does not happen? You want   something  create something,  what   does not happen? Then what  will stop? Don' try  accomplish anything. Don' try  get something out  doing anything here. What  that?  you try  get something out  doing anything, then tell yourself,  what?  will stop  itself. When you want   something and get something, you put forward  front  , okay? Don' say,  will  whatever  want,  what? Then you are not, not, this  not the starting point,  what? This  the end point for  what? Okay? You use  what  the end, not  the beginning, after doing something,  what?   don' get , you want  misuse , you want  misuse , you want  use  properly, ? Now,  was also very anxious  produce results, you know? Very anxious,  thought, this must happen, that must happen.  must happen,  will  ,  like this  went  doing,  went  doing,  went  doing, then  found that  was making  full  myself, you know putting lot  pressure  myself, this must happen, this must happen, this must happen. And then one day, done  , that there   end  worker, you can  any amount  work, still there  lot more worker.  from that moment ,  was not doing the work anymore, because  understood  matter what you , there  still  lot more   done. Inferrant  karma, infinite  the amount that you can   this world, there   limit  what you can .  there any limit  what you can ? Can you  ? Can you  them all? Impossible, ? Because how many children are you going  feed, you will have one more child after that, ? You   doing the Alpimoire, there   end  satisfying people, there   end  the words that you can .  you realize this, that there   end  the worker, then you will stop working.  the sense that you will  able  easily ask the question,  what? You understand? Then place starts, until then you are working. When you starve and you know,  what? Whatever you ,  what?  that the end? There  much more, when what  the problem? Can you  that? Not posture.  when you come  this realization, then life  not anymore serious. Until then life  very serious.  long  you hold that these things must  done.  say, why only these things? There are many more things that must  done. Only these things, who says this must  done? You are telling this must  done.  say, , something more must  done. Why only these things? And  say, after you  that, why not this one? Jalsa, this also.  when you realize that there   end  worker, then whatever accomplishments you , whatever  done, you say,  what? Then nothing  serious anymore. Then you are not working anymore. Then you are simply playing. Knowing  what? What you accomplish   what? Don'  this one.  will tear this place. Then also  what? But why you want  take the trouble  tear ? Why don' you sit quiet?  what   very fantastic? But this  not  player. Not  player  the sense,  not irresponsibility. This  full responsibility. Knowing that, really, nothing ultimately matters. You being  play right now matters. Not what you ,  doesn' matter. But right now, what you are doing  knowing that  doesn' matter. That  very important.  you understand? What you ,  doesn' matter. But  you realize that what you  doesn' matter? That  that matters.  you really understand  what? Then you are really responsible for whatever you . Because you are not made    any person. And you really know whatever you  also doesn' matter. But you are chosen    because you want   . Whether  gives  result  also  not  not important. Now, then you are truly responsible. For once now, you know that you are making . Nobody  forcing . You got  what? You are always blaming others only. You are always blaming others only. You are always blaming others only. You are always blaming others only. Until you get the  what?  what?  you die also,  what? You live also,  what? Responsibility can only ... This one day will give you responsibility. Now, you are really freely doing whatever you want  . Not because   going  get you anywhere. Not because you have  satisfy anybody. You are also doing  with   what? Then you are really responsible. You know, then you know how you are going    because  have chosen   . Nobody has forced    . Then whatever you   really responsible. Now,  has brought something into your head there. Yeah. Before teaching you practice  yourself. Correct. And then what happened? You started doing. That' good. You know foolishness. What  you have  degree  don' have  degree?  you still think that  degree  going  make you somebody   fool.  you want  learn what here you started studying some accounting. You really want  learn accounting.   wonderful. Whether you pass  not the hell with , you want  study  study. That' all. You can   the university also and  you don' want marks, any teacher will  very happy  allow you  sit  his class hall. Because  likes students. Any intelligent student wanting  hear  him  very happy. Please come.  can' give you any admission and attendance and all that.  you want  come and study, please come and sit   class. They will say, you don' have  pay anything. See, India  such  wonderful country.  fact, everywhere  the world   like that. People really want  study. For them, there  absolute scope for studies. Only  you want  certificate, then there   problem. You have  pay the donation. You have  pay donation. You have  pay all these underhand, overhand, deals and all that. Nothing  required.   not telling you guys don' study. Don'   exam. Don' get  degree.   telling you don' work for your degree.   very stupid. You want  learn something now. Please  ahead and learn.   very happy. You will also  happy because you are learning something.  study because you want  learn. Then there  great happiness  that process. Whether you write exam  not,  doesn' matter. See,  have studied  lot. None     waste. Because   really interesting  know how certain things are done.  you  deeper into  and then you come  know this  how   done.   not  doctor, but  study  lot  work and medicine.   not  architect.  study  lot  architecture.   don' practice engineering, but  study  lot  engineering.   not  philosopher.  study  lot  philosophy. Why?   interested.  study.  don' need  certification. One   friends,  suddenly, you know,  was there. See, Guruji Rishi Prabhaka  having thousands  people who are doing whatever  says. And there was this fellow who studied with  and  was also teaching Vedanta. And this fellow,  was only having some 25-30 old men come  him, going , listening  whatever   studying every day, Bhagavad-gita, one chapter, second chapter, second one, this, that one, and like this, like that   going  and all these old men are teaching, are hearing.  came and asked , what  the secret? How come  many people are listening  you? And how come   only having  many students going   and listening  you? The same people going , listening  the same thing. What  the problem?  told him, you are not understood. See, how many people will come around you? And there   lot  work   done. People will come around you. But  they don' feel there   lot  work   done, why they will come around?  they feel that you are able   whatever work you are able  , then  person will come  help you.  they think that they are  lot  work and Guruji wants  lot  help, then lot  people will come  help you, ?  you must understand one thing. You see, you must give them  lot  work. You must give them  lot  work, then you will have  lot ,  lot  disciples going along with you. And then the next day,  took  upon himself. And then  started ordering them around that this must  done, that must  done, this must  done. All the 25 also left, right? Once you realize, then  new possibility, you know, you become, you become the source  that new possibility, around which  greater civilization will begin  blossom.   doesn' mean you have  throw away whatever you have. But don' try   sane, that' all. Don' try  make yourself better than others. Don' try  make yourself earlier than others. Don' try  make yourself important. You know, all these things are about sanity, proving your sanity, proving that you are great and whatever you   fantastic and all that nonsense. Then you drop . Suddenly, whatever you  really becomes very important, you know?  don' know how, but   . Suddenly, '  inspiration that comes. Whatever you , suddenly  new meaning. All  you, only one thing you have   aware now , whatever you   useless. But don' stop doing ,   knowing that   perfectly useless. Okay, whatever you are doing  perfectly okay,  has  meaning. What  are telling you , what you   unimportant. First you get this. See,  long  you are feeling that what    important, what gets accomplished  important.  long  you are  that paradigm  what  accomplish  important, then commitment   important thing. You cannot get out  . See, this training   realize that nothing  important. You understand?  the paradigm  nothing  important and when you realize that nothing  important, really.  what? Correct. And really the world  that way.  what? You are accomplished.  what? After what?  everybody  trying  get satisfaction after getting somethings done. Correct.  you think that what gets accomplished  important, then you are caught automatically  the fruit  action. You are satisfied that you are doing the right thing, that you are working towards the right thing. Still, you know, you are doing  now very important. What  are telling , whatever you   quite unimportant. What you are accomplished  totally unimportant. What you   also unimportant. See, for this  precipitate,  will take some time. See, for this  precipitate,  will take some time. And this   new paradigm. And this  the paradigm  real. There, there are still lot  bandages, and lot  you have gone through SSI, gone through AMC, gone through BFC. Still, you know, the sucra  commitment was still hanging. See, see, boredom  the result  goal orientation, living  goal orientation. You are expecting, expecting something  happen,  doesn' happen. Then you get bored. For example, you are waiting for  bus, and the bus doesn' come. The bus doesn' come. The bus doesn' come. And then you get bored waiting. , boredom  mainly the result  goal orientation, living  goal orientation.  soon   transcend the field  goal orientation into, nothing  important  have. Then everything turns into play. Every moment   play. Then boredom   more.