this talk, Guruji Sri Rishis Prabhakar, speaks  communicating love. Rishis Prabhakar   modern day Gandhi. Who possesses nothing and lives  lifestyle that most   only dream ?  has  official position and commands the power that armies could never possess.  stood for  election and    leader from whom leaders would like  learn. And just because you are very truthful, don' expect others   very truthful. Just  truthful and you will become  whole year person than them, then you will have more conflict. Just  truthful and you will become  whole year person than them, then you will have more conflict. You know,  reactively start doing .  better  observe more interest. Yes, and make  bigger fire out  . Communicate and make  bigger fire. You know, what you should communicate  love, not conflict. ,  use  communicating all garbage. Follow the garbage. Don' pass the buck.  responsible for what has happened. For them not understanding you take the responsibility, not say that they don' understand their fools. For them not understanding you stop the buck. And you say,  have not been able  communicate that. And what    communicated  only possible  the level  love.   not possible simply because you know you say  are built things.  just  into your self. Just  dissolve   meditating, not  trying  solve   this level.  this  our concern  the preventing type  therapy. That  the way  stir  the wound somewhere. How they have done any real  success has happened out  that, really?   all any success has happened, ' only because  the truthfulness  the person who  doing . When the truthfulness came , certain things began  offer, you know, alter within .   not  going  communicating some garbage that you get anything.  will never work out. How would you like   told  the garbage about yourself?  know.  would you like that person? Then why you want  communicate?  doesn' matter who ever  . Would you, would you,  you communicated, would they allow ?  don' think .  tough, you know. And they realize that you don'  anything  matter what they . Then they start feeling, yeah, maybe, you know, you have  worry about .  matter what, they don'  anything. Right? And the power will  down. Because only  you doing something that they get the power, you don'  anything. And just keep  doing whatever that . Wonderful for you. All their power ...  think ' just point  important for   understand. And  thought that because you know medicine  psychotherapy   high goal, you know, before the resentment  entered into that. Exactly. Mother are far from... Exactly. Long death. Yes. Okay.  just gives this  you, write  down, write  nice long letter, you , burn   the plate, you know, ... Okay. Right now, right now. You see, what   important  not writing even this. Actually,  did , and did  have  use actually. Because  lot  you  , but  you really   out  love, you' something else. Out  love, what comes out  something else. But love   excitement and resentment,  you' not, but...  matter what you ,   simply covering  much more. One should learn  meditate and  inwards and overcome the resentment, within one' self  just dispersing all the tension  going into meditation. You don' write letters   reactive way. Unless you feel real love, don' try  communicate all kinds  topics. Stop . You' done . Yeah, you' done . And please don' mail . You' gotten  off the chest, but  tell you that  also  great... Instead  going and punching the person  the face, maybe you know, written something here. But sleep,  whatever.  have never, never become folial than other people.  you dissolve,  you dissolve,  you dissolve  the conflict, then the love will develop . But    not developing right now, what  you ? Right now, '   state where ' very upset. What  you ?  mean, you can  many things. You can  and hit the person, whatever you want  . But learning  just , you know, very valuable. Take time. Let' say they say, count time now, you can  shocked.  the time you count, half year, you' shouting, come down  itself. Just  sudden burst  hot . And  you could throw  outside,  would  small dangerous. Anyway, you will   also sometimes. Depending  your own level  consciousness, each person doubts. And that also, you cannot  anything. But  you' conscious slightly, you don'  anything.  just observe . What  you ? You know, you are getting more and more angry  the person. That means, the state  not right. The state  not right  send out  loving letter. This  called  hymn sign, now. Really, you must not feel hungry. Many anguars are angry.  you , just take  while. Take  while. When you are feeling anxiety and tense, take  while. Not only  certain things. But  you' conscious, take  while. Take  while. Take some time.  the inspired  , you will  something anyway. All reactive people will  certain things, depending  your level  reactivity. You will   anyway.  depends  your level  consciousness. But  you meditate slowly, you will stop doing . What? When Jesus says, when somebody slaps you  the right cheek, give them  left cheek. This teaching has been going . What ' teaching  more different from what they' cited. Whether    50 years conditioning   100 years conditioning,   because  your reactiveness.   person hits you  the right cheek, you will hit him  the left cheek. These reactive people are saying, going   not.  you understand this?   whatever communication you did,  that person would start feeling  though, you know,  understands you much better now, and  starts wanting    part  your life. Then   worthwhile  send .    simply passing the buck and making him wrong and telling him all kinds  crap, what use  ? ,   adding  more faith. Now  has got more from you  hold  against you. Say, look  the kind  electricity right. ' our end all going  happen. You must really, you must really want  offer something  them. Something valuable. Nobody wants advice, you know. Nobody wants advice. They want inspiration.  just examine you around child. Will she accept your advice? Advice  acceptable only when they feel that you are connected. You see, some people    wonderful person and they tell him something for  few minutes, and they are changing totally. They are parents, they will come and say, you know, that great man said, this  what  should  and   going   . And then the father says, you know what?  have been telling you this for  many years. You don' listen. Why  didn' listen? But  many years  has been telling the same thing. Not only that, you see what  has done now  doing this ,   telling that   better than that person who told you, correct?  that   what degrading himself  improving himself. Another way  degrading himself. They are told advice people when you are not really  touch with them fully  the heart.  use  fighting with the head. Most  you are dumb, isn' ? This  another whole year than the attitude. Every one  you  perfect. Only the other people  whom you are writing, they are the ones who are imperfect. ? You are all holy great souls,   all the other guys who are not  this room. , . , . You get very upset when people don' keep their commitment. , .  don' know that' why   wondering. Yeah, telling that you are not living    expectation  dumping. See, when you realize,   still dumping. Well, yeah, that  what  say. Yeah,   dumping. ,  would say, what  psychology for her  say? Well,   not you,   .   the one that  wrong. Instead  telling you  get out  the bathroom, why   say you are really   mind, but you don' respect . , that  again dumping. You see, you don' have  say anything,   telling you. You don' have  say anything. Why you have  say? Where  your home? , just not even let  . How  let   inside  what  important. , just let  . Don'  anything. How? , but that  all that can really work. Please see.  think the question , yes, that  agree with what  had   that.  mean, how  you get that internal release? , that  only  meditating. You cannot  anything else. Other? There   other way   . How will you, how else will you  ? Yes,  know you are thinking about yourself, you want   everything. What? You can  about yourself. Why not you  forgive yourself? When you meditate, you are forgiving everyone. All boundaries are gone,   are feeling contentious. You are talking about yourself, standing still, standing  the back  your feet. , you are talking about yourself. How  you talk about yourself? How  you talk about yourself? You talk about yourself. You talk about yourself. You talk about yourself. Nothing ,    your advice, you know, not work. That' all. And,  mean, fear also works. Why not? Fear also works.  have had five four stages. Kali, Sama Dana, Beda Danda, you know, all the four. Sama Dana, Beda Danda, all the four are applicable. You want, doesn' work, then the next level. That  your advice,  doesn' work. Then you tell them, you deny them. Okay, rather you tell them, look,  you  ,  will give you this.  will give you this extra. This  called Dana. And they don' even  according for that, then you say, Beda,  you don'  ,  will not give you this. And then, the next one , even,  giving you, denying you this  not making  work.  think you require  few, yeah,  few beatings. You require  beating. When you will understand, you see, Beda  very interesting. You just examine, there   little wall, when    Ottawa, there   wall, which  like this. , when you  near ,  you are sitting under,   perfectly alright.  soon  you stand ,  you don' watch,  will hit. , the first two days,  hit , you know.  just stood  and  hit . And then,  noticed, after the third day,    more getting hit, because the body  automatically shifting this way. After  got hit only,  will watch. Why  will watch otherwise? People learn  being hit,  body ever stops from, you know, playing with fire until they get  burn. Nobody ever believes that that particular point there has got  fantastic amount  energy. And  you put your finger there, man, you are going  get . How will you know  putting  there once, and then getting  little shock, and then you say, yeah, yeah, very dangerous, keep  far away. ,  children, you see, only what you are preventing for the child ,  that  will not  such  big shop that the child cannot survive  all. But you can never prevent  child from getting into .  will get into .   telling you,  will get , but when, and with not intensity, that' all. For every one  , some   live the world, most   somehow learn, you know,  survive  spite  all these dangers. And every one  , finally, the thing that really gets you  track,   done,  says,  you don'  this, this   consequence, then you will know, you see. The world has got its air, corresponding, you know,  you are loving,  has got its reaction. And  you are not loving,  has got its reaction. Then you come  see that  going  grabbing, people will hit you, and then you will remain there.  can' steal all these things, you know. You understand? Until they hit you, say,  what? Once they hit you, then you say, , you are not going   . Either you have  grow  love  you have  grow , you have  grow out  here. One  these two will keep you  track. And don' underestimate the value  Danda,    very powerful matter. ,   not say you must always  like this, but there   period when Danda  required. The child doesn' listen, okay? And  wants   when being  particular place, and you know,   very dangerous   there. What you ? You say, , you  whatever you want, what you ? Danda, you just say, , you are going  sit here. This  , you know. And regarding the like children, once they come   particular age, you can control them, what you are going  control. You have  let them , let' say, live  your own. Live  your own, . You want    like this, you are free. . Tomorrow, pack  your bags and . Either you listen   and  here  pack  your bags and . What are you going  ? Either you have  understand  you know, there   consequence. For every person you have    anyway. But the best way  when you don' have  use this  all. When Sama Dhana, Beda Danda, Nanna,   required. But you are very life, people don' have that kind  reaction around you. That' the best way  live. You say you  nothing  meditation, but you don' manifest  the mind? Exactly. When you are  truth, love will come.  meditation  also  way  being  truth, then the love will come. You are dispersed all your things. The people are semi normal. They will also learn. You have  very person who learns  their own methods. You grow. And you know, when  really grow  love, there   necessity for   say many things. Don' worry.  have not come across all these people   life. They just don' seem  come around.   not know why. And  they come around you,   not know why. You understand?  they come around you, there must   reason. And  they don' come around with, there must   reason. And you are trying  get into some extreme presence. They will  handled  the law. There are certain functions. But they will take care. They have taken care  the forces.  never hit anybody   life. You know. Physically,  never hit anybody. And  long   was fully, you know,  the presence   own ahimsa,  never had   .  somebody did attack for some reason,  suddenly found there were 500 people coming and telling them why you are attacking this format. You know.  did not have   anything. Yes.  you think the threat  punishment  then  form  reaction? Yes, '  form  reaction. For that particular process and the person   that consciousness, they receive . They learn  only  that. ,  that  situation, react real? ,   not needed. You don' have  react. The reaction will happen. And from the reaction. You don' have  react. But you will react anyway. You will have  level  consciousness, different people, react. For different things, you know. ,  noticed that  long   practiced , not even practiced ,  long   never fought for  right, then what happened? Somebody would protect , you know. The forces would just come around  protect.  didn' have   anything. But   became  little bit  climb  right  any kind,   started establishing, you know, wanting  have, what shall  say? When you  for pleasures, you will come across lot  difficulties. When you are seeking pleasures, you will come across lot  problems. When you don' seek pleasures, all the pleasures will come  you.  you don' run after money, money will come  you, huh. Everything.  you just don' run after, they will all start coming. Then you can say, what Gandhi wasn' killed  something, huh. Such  person was such  great, huh. Ahimsa, why was  killed  somebody? But  could have been killed long time back, huh.  could have been killed very time. And  was killed once because some people got very reactive. And  also refused  take revenge. Correct.  said that  God would kill, then  can  killed. But there   power  that. Exactly. That  true. That  true. Why? Some power. That  when  runs out, you know, when then, then the time  . You have protected,  long  you are supposed   protected. And when   revealed  the thought, the accepting cannot  revealed, not  anything. Why not?  mean, Gandhi would not blame him, but all other people would. Exactly. Why not? All right. Every, ' certain motion. , you will have the reaction. ,  transcend the karmic cycle, the only way  get out  the karmic cycle   doing nothing, not  doing something.   say everything  bound  karma, then there would have been  escape possible from karma. Escape  possible  doing nothing. That' true. You