Thank you. Today' title ...  are going  look  silence, okay? See, there   book Cosmoor  there   videotape spoken  the same person. Very Cosmoor. Book written, book  transcription  the tape. Does  Cosmoor  does the videotape cost more? That  the lecture  the actual person Cosmoor  the videotape Cosmoor. Why   there? And which  more powerful? The videotape   powerful  the lecture. Why? Very interesting. You must examine this very carefully. Why  the lecture  the same person  much more effective? Well, the same thing was recorded  video and the same thing was recorded  audio.   not  powerful. What  the reason?  are not going  talk about this.  are going  talk about this.  are going  talk about this.  are going  explain this  detail. Very nice. Please tell  because when there   lecture you can ask  question. Why  you are here  today' video, you simply have  resort  whatever  said there. You cannot have  interaction. But give   fiction complete, nominal bit. Directly, you know, you are not there  that. You are not there  that.  says, the affection  the teacher  present. Why  the videotape, that may not  present.  will ask  question, but  will get .  will get .  will get .  will get .  will get .  will get .  will get . This  very interesting. There   video that  don' really learn.   not say much,  can' get  towards the video.  can' really hear anything. ' just thinking about  and  will watch how things . Hey, you look there. Yes. With the nature, you are  participant  whatever  going . You are actually happening with you  . There   video that you don' know. There  something happening  the screen. Here   videotape,  some child starts creating  Galata Infanta,   the video,   the person who  speaking  the video going  stop and say, you know until the kid goes away,  will not talk  him. What will happen? , unless  talk about . What will happen?  goes .  will  happening. What are you going ?  goes .  will happen. Otherwise  can . Not all  the credit there. See, those unnecessary things that goes , all that  clutter  not eliminated there.   right there. See, the different video   book,  audio cassette. What you are paying for  the silence. You are not paying for the words. You are paying for the silence. Interpose that  proper time.    audio tape, you can interpose more silence. With  book,   very difficult  interpose silence.  the appropriate moment.   the silence  the appropriate moment that  the most effective. Everywhere people are paying for silence, but they think they are paying for the noise.   interesting thing. The more silence  added, the more costly  becomes. The most important person  the world, the most important person  the world  who? God  the most important person who doesn' speak anything. Who  witnessing everything.  saint who doesn' speak  all for months together,  becomes the most important person. The longer   not able ,  doesn'.   able    silence, the more partially become.   press  want   sitting  meditation for three hours, certainly people will say this  great. Somebody can sit quietly for three hours.  can' even sit for ten minutes.   very important that you get   the mind. You will start learning this much,  done, that much   done. Even  you want  sit, you cannot sit there.  used   and sit  silence. Sometimes for  week, sometimes for two weeks, three weeks.  mother used  say, what  there  simply going and sitting? Being responsible takes courage. People  and sit  silence. Then  wonder, ' all done.   nothing now. Why don' you   for two days? She could not even stay for six hours.  locked her . She  banking  the door. You don' know, this  important work   done. That person may call, you know why   coming out? Not because  cannot  there. Because  want  tell you this important message.  have forgotten, that  why  want  bang and tell you this. She could not live.  took some people,  feel that  lot  wonderful things can happen. They are  silence. , during the beginning there, instead  AMC,  used  take people and put them  rooms and lock them . You have some water, honey and little lemon and cup  . Then you say, you stay.  use  enough for two  three days, you can stay.  used  find that, that the next day    the room, you are not there. You have counted this, you have counted.  need  find somebody  open the door for them and get out. Some used  survive, but mostly people used  run away. What  most difficult and most precious and most valuable  true silence. , why people pay for coming  the class, just giving  book will not give any effect. See, you put out  question and you wait and let them agitate over . Let them contemplate upon . Let them fight with . Then the thing will start getting .  you give the answer right away,  will not have any impact. The more you have silence, the more tension  creates. The more you put out the question and don' give the answer, the more anxious, the more anxious they become. But they must not become  anxious that they will hit you, ? Just start  release , the more anxious  ,  will  coming very wide.   just  point where they are very wide. That' the point you release. You must have read  the Upanishad books, you have seen now. The Upanishad books, there  only one line  two lines   page. Why waste  page printing only one line? You know, Guruji doesn' have any common sense.   sheet  paper,  one sheet the whole open sheet could have been written and one  one, one  one. , you paste  all  and you can select for 50 cents, one copy, you know, zero copy, because  limited edition. Why pay? Ten rupees for this Upanishad, which can  all written down  just half  sheet  paper. What are you paying for? You are paying for the silence, you know.  least between the time you open the page,  expect that you will get  some silence and get that point into yourself. There   beautiful piece  art, and there  another beautiful piece  art, another beautiful piece  art, paste them all    sheet. ,  space between them, okay? Put them all  and see the effect. Okay. Okay. Well, you put  piece there and put  lot  blank white space around , the big white space around . Then, where will the attention ? Your attention, now, your attention will  drawn  that piece there. You put ten  them, will you appreciate any one  them? None  them becomes useful. Framing   important  the material inside. How you package   important  the material inside. There you have sweet, you can wrap     beautiful cloth and then put   another box, put   another box, sandwich box, and put that  another cardboard box, and put that  another silk cloth. And then you give   the person,  will   opening and feel what  valuable thing they have taken. ' taken such  great care  present   something which  very valuable, right? Even though  may   stone,  will   valuable   diamond because you will allow your putty into the packaging. Now, when you present knowledge also,  has   presented with  proper packaging, with proper reverence, with proper love, with proper respect, right? Then  gains value. Two persons say the same thing, but   received from  very different way. People  the bus also, they will talk  you great way down the, but they don' practice . Another person who uses ,   says one word,  will  deep into your heart. Because  has been packaged with silence and reverence. The other one simply said  because  needs  lot  noise that  puts out. This  also one more noise that  puts out. You have  silence your life, whatever you say will become more valuable. You   talking, you   making yourself  fool, whatever you say will  considered foolish.  may  highest Vedanta, but because   coming from you, they say   foolish. You understand? But the person who  delivery,    important  what  delivery. What  want you  grow   silence, not  talking, okay? True silence that comes from reverence, that comes from appreciation, that comes from love, huh? Yes. People who love each other very much, they don' talk, they just hold the hands and  together, huh? When you start talking, means the calling has started.  any home  the wife, simply  very silently observing the husband and giving whatever  requires  that time.  will create  beautiful world.  she starts telling her,  she has   told what    done?  much silence  lost  the house. Silence, huh? Means not concerning oneself with one security, one' name, one' frame, but really being generously joyful, huh?  you are dancing, you are silent, huh?  you are singing, you are silent.  you are meditating, you are silent.  you are playing, you are silent. When you start discussing about what benefits   going  get, huh? When you start discussing politics, how the other person  not okay, huh? You have destroyed your own silence. You are paid for your silence. You are not paid for doing work, huh? The more silent you are, the more people will take you, huh? They will feed you, will slow you, they would want  keep you, huh? Everything about you will become soft, isn' ?  when you  home, these silence, huh? They are going   more and more silent, meditative, last more. !   that tape, when you use, the silences are very important, huh? When  edit also, you are simply clubbing everything and not. That  why  like maybe the original tape   , huh? Better than you try  edit and you are not trying   all this much. There   power  those steps, huh? Which have been delivered  the class. Much much greater than anything that you can edit. Because  you edit out the silence, you have edited everything. Let  get into . Good thought. What' that? Will the things going better when you are  silence  when you speak  there? You see, there   such thing whether you speak   whether you silent. Whether your mind  silent  not  very important. You can  playing and still  silent, huh? Playing  silent. While quarreling  not silent. But, while ' being extended, but  doesn' mean that there  silence  this, okay? , sometimes people are used  see  loudly read and walk around that when  was doing  studies there. That was because there were  lot  noise around that.  did not want any noise  get into  ears also.  , telling you, speaking very loudly,  would block  all the other noises. And only whatever   speaking  going into  ear. Different. Whatever gives you attention, that' . More than anything, whether you are interested  not,  expert  interested.  you are interested, you will have  job, huh? '  real challenge  life, huh?  are learning takes place when you have  vision and you are working towards  vision. Whatever has   learned  bring forth that vision, you will   getting feedback, correction, learning, feedback, correction, learning, huh? You will   happening. When    this village and  want  transform   that degree, then  will understand why   happening, what  happening, why  are unable  , why  are able  , what  happening with the mechanics, what  need  change,   need  . Everything  will, you know? The continuous learning process. Can you maintain silence  our daily life when  are doing office work, how important  that? Yeah. See, what maintaining silence does not mean keeping quite . See, silence will come  you begin  trust, huh? And  part  the teacher training   give you that, that support for you.  you don' have  worry about anything, okay?   here  take care  you, why you are worried, huh? Simply  your seva, you know? Whatever food, shelter, you require,  are here  provide, you simply   doing your work. Don' expect the moon, okay? But whatever  required  being given. The Guru does not provide only knowledge,  provides, huh? The silence, the physical silence.  giving you that asyaya, telling, you know,   here  take care  everything, you don' worry, just  your work.  when you are released,  all your problems, huh? Then you are silent. When you are thinking what you want  happen tomorrow, who will look after  tomorrow, huh?    professor, who has been meeting you for the last 30 years. , please wait, huh? And  was telling  that  the day,  the day,  meditation nothing happened. What  ? Why did  start this again?  just said, IIT professor, who  visiting you for the last 30 years, and who   your PhD,  having  camp for you  deliver. And  the first meeting,  was telling    couple  hours, that  meditation nothing happened.  just might have been visiting Kulakya.  has been visiting you for the last 30 years,   busy  the training camp.   only busy  the training camp. That  his problem. For example, you   our, what  that? Bhamakumarisa, all nonsense they will teach you.  there  absolute nonsense,   their meditation, okay? Their understanding  absolute nonsense. But people are not nonsense. What they are teaching may  nonsense, but the people are very beautiful. They are very devoted. They are really committed  their own growth,  the growth  everyone, okay?    going .  they get this,  top  their commitment,  would grow,  would fly. You start from fullness, end   fullness, sir. You can never start from nothingness and end   fullness. Your fullness will   growing  you experience the fullness, okay?  you are being with, everything  okay.  will become more okay.  you say, God has given  everything, then you start feeling more and more happy day  day, because you are getting, you know,  feeling more and more that God has given you everything. But  you say, God has not given , maybe  will give  tomorrow. You are going  resting your life, thinking tomorrow ' going   better. This understanding, this switch from incompleteness  incompleteness, this  the very act with which  start here. That  the very switch that  start here, right from the beginning. There are most  the people think that switch will happen after some sardana, which  not true. And that  why they will not apologize. Siddha Samadhi Yoga  short, SSY.  just 19 days, you find yourself totally relieved  all diseases, like blood pressure, diabetes, arthritis, insomnia, ulcer, and others. You are freed from all tensions and then you can really see what life has  offer. How  this miracle possible? Yes, when you  from doing  non-doing, anything can happen. And SSY teaches you this non-doing.  invite you  take this program and experience what    celebrate life. Jai Gurudev