time This   talk  commitment  Sri Rishishthavadkar.  emphasizes that without commitment, life  aimless. But  your own self  your greatest responsibility.  commitment cannot  made   state  bondage.    done   state  bondage,    commitment  all. When what happens  not important, when what happens, whether the success  failure happens, when there   strings attached, when you are free from whether the thing happens  not,   still committed, then only    commitment. Coming from total freedom, you just want    because you want   . There   other reason for . That  will  happy   happens. , you are happy right now. You are still committed  making this happen.  commitment   thing that makes you lead the game. You are  game.  far, you will  kicked around  somebody else' game. Now, the commitment offers you the track for you  build your life. And you begin  care   things that you care  . You  things because you care   them, not because  security you are doing them. Most people are stuck   security. They are doing because they don' want   . Very miserable lives are leading. Commitment makes you  leader  what you are doing. And truly great things happen because   your commitment. You are telling how the Japanese, there   commitment  somebody else. Japanese are not committed  others that  will deliver  time. They are committed  themselves that they will deliver  time. They are committed  themselves that they will produce highest quality goods and deliver  time.  commitment  only  self commitment.   not  commitment  somebody else.   not dependent  somebody else. And  person who  committed automatically, you know, builds  structure around him, which makes him stronger and stronger day  day. And you will  defeated.  mean, you may say,   committed  this. And  the thing does not happen,  doesn' mean that you are that you have lost. Yes, you are committed. The thing was not delivered. Even    not delivered, are you still committed? Then that   true commitment. You are still committed. You have done your 100 percent. That  what  very important.   committed man  never defeated. And  committed man, committed  successful  the very act  commitment itself. This  the commitment  the game with which you are playing. You are setting  the game.  far, you are simply being kicked around  somebody. Now you have set  the game. And how  you set  the game? You always set  the game into the unknown. You set  the game that you have never done before. Look beyond yourself.  commitment  not worth .    not something beyond what has been possible before.  game  exciting.    not beyond what you have seen before. And because you have set yourself  lose also, you may lose.  fact,  you don' lose, then there  something wrong with you. You are not set yourself beyond your limits.  you continuously   winning, then have you really set  your game? Not playing Chinese. , you are simply... You are playing  safe game. You are not playing  game.  safe game  not  game  all. You already know the result. What  your problem?  safe game means you already know the result.   commitment takes you beyond yourself. And what has been lost  this country  simply... This commitment has been lost. Everybody  being kicked around. Now nobody  committed.  committed man rules the country.  uncommitted man  ruled  the country.  committed man finds out ways  get the things done.  uncommitted man finds reasons why  cannot  done.  has only complaints.   very safe for him.   has the first bits  decides that  cannot  done,  will not  anything about .  can remain totally uncommitted and  totally justified.   non-commitment.  set ... You know, all this complaining   set  for non-commitment.  uncommitted man will say  can'  done.  committed man says  will  done.  commitment can never arise from the state  security.   committed  getting one lakh rupees.  show  everybody that  can get one lakh rupees and become rich  not  commitment  all.    commitment  show  somebody else.  you commit one lakh,  mean just  prove  point  yourself, then ' okay. Yes, but you have  know from where   coming. You know, with  strings  all. Whether   going  rule your life  whether   okay  you don' succeed also.  doesn' matter, but   going   for . And commitments can never come from  state ... You know, from  state  trying  prove  somebody,   not  show, make show business. And   not winning over somebody else also.   not  prove  point  somebody.   not  make somebody wrong.   not  exploit somebody.  commitment can only start  the purity  one' heart. All the others are all bondages. They are not commitments.  commitment   game,   free game. And  very process  commitment starts the game, huh? And playing the game itself  the satisfaction, not what you get afterwards.   right  the moment. You get defeated  losing your own commitment. Nobody can make you lose, sir. Whether you succeed  not does not make you lose. But  you lose  commitment, ' . Then you are given  the game. That' all.   lot  ,  almost all  , suffer from non-committability, huh?  don'  things that  care, huh?   things because  are made   them.  experience life  though, huh?  have    work, huh? Because  are made    work. ' all together different when you care   something. You will   work because you want   .    duty. Not duty. You take    play that you have chosen and that you really care  , you are doing . You really want   . You really care   . You really want    best, huh? But usually what happens, you know, certain commerce graduates get  certain job for financial details. Correct. How  will enjoy that job?    fool.  just takes  lot  things.    under compulsion. Exactly. Say, that' why  call him  fool.   not doing things that  really cares  .    fool, that' all. And  will need  fool' life.  basically, join with everybody. And  will  working. Correct. Very very very.   living with everybody.   really became  salesman, because  wanted  sell this wonderful product which everybody must have, huh?  would probably   without any expense  the pharmaceutical company. You know, even  the pharmaceutical company doesn' pay him,  will say    very good product, sir.  should popularize this.  will make sure that this  popularized.  you give  money, ' alright.  you don' give  money, ' alright. But  feel    very good work.    very good piece  medicine.  must really reach the people. And   going   ,   does  like that,  will  paid millions. You understand? But the valor doesn' want   .  has been forced   . See, that  why all these people, are all these Chotta bachas, become graduate   being graduate,  until they are 35, they must not  anything  their own. They are not eligible   anything  their own. They must  and really surrender   great man, right? This , this must  learned first, what     great, huh? Then they will  able   something great. Then whatever they  will  great. That  what they care  . They will   very beautifully afterwards, huh? Because that greatness has come into them also. Now they begin  recognize what   that needs   done, and they care   , and then they will  . But first lesson  surrenderfulness. They must learn  surrender  somebody who  great. First they must know, they must have this automatically takes the ego off. First recognize somebody who  great.  and surrender  them, huh? First that person, that great man who  doing,  gets lot  assistance from dedicated people, his work will  done very nicely, and you get  have the benefit  serving under somebody very great. You see, this whole philosophy may not have been propagated even  our scriptures, maybe   propagating  totally  your philosophy, and  feel    very high, very supreme philosophy.  think you were expanding  the Gita. The Bhagavad Gita  about  acting without the fruits,  you mentioned  the last video. Correct, but how  you attain ? That' what   saying. How  you attain ?   not  talking. Exactly. The following  philosophy,  think. Not just the following philosophy,  becoming zero. You must know how   zero. Then only you can start recognizing the greatness, huh? Then only you can start, you know, working for somebody who  great. The development  caring for what you . See, don' take  simply   theoretical lesson from here.  want  inspire you  see some great people, get into that greatness  people, and really start dedicating yourself  that greatness. Let you have... , right now you have been meditating, you spoke  the whole program, you need  top off all your shit, huh?  you become zero. Now you can start recognizing greatness, what  , huh? You get  small graduate, what does  know?  doesn' know , damn thing  the world, huh?  should simply  and surrender. How   identify? That  , then. You would  least say,   find our own, what should  look  them? Either they should ...  cannot like that. You know, you know  person who  dedicated  the whole world. And you truly surrender immediately, all their resources becomes your resource. And   very exciting, when  proceed  create what  really, you know, care for, not  wonderful things come  the way, and that challenges you, huh? Then you have  discover how  get this thing across, how  inspire all these people. That will automatically happen, because your commitment will automatically give you, all that  required. See, once you have the commitment that you want , that you will   Bombay now,  matter what, huh? Then you will find ways   , huh?  you don' have the commitment, you will not find ways   , huh? You will only find ways, why you cannot .  you are not committed, then  see, but see, not there, and say, convenience  not there. The buses are, see, are not  very comfortable. See,   had  car  could have just gone and come, huh? You will find 500 reasons for not doing , because you don' have  commitment. But when you have  commitment, you will find ways  doing . , the methods and procedures are not going  present itself simply like that. After you know , you don'  . You take   without knowing , and then you will come  know how   .  you understand this? See, most  the people think that they will learn learn, huh? Everything about , and then they will get into the fire. Huh? Everybody will say, think, huh? Think very carefully before you jump, whether you better judge whether this works  does not work. See, the question  whether  works  not works  not the question. The thing ,  has   made  work. However,  has   made  work, and  you have got  jump, and see whether something works  not.  ' something does not work, you will know , and then find some other one. But  you say, until  know, perfectly that the thing works, until then   not going  attempt . Then, you will never find the method. But somebody will give you the perfect secret method, huh? And guarantee , and then you will step . Then you are not needed  all. That person would arrange himself, don' ? Your energy  required, because you don' know whether   going  work  not. ,   not worry about not knowing. All the time  don' know  only. But  discover, ? Today, for example, ' simple. Anything  possible actually. , you know, you let . You let  and say, let' see what happens. Just  . Most  the people are very security conscious. They are very, very security conscious. They cannot simply take chances. Here,   all about taking chances one day. And living  the unknown, let  see what happens. , this whole journey will   exciting journey.  may not   comfortable journey.    very comfortable, then nobody appreciates. When they have gone through something very difficult, they say, you know,  went there. You think you can . You can' ,  tell you.  have done . You have done . That  what  exciting.   something which you cannot . That  you have done, that  something very fantastic.