this talk entitled, Nothing  Yours. Guru Jirishya Prabhaka brings  light the essence  living  freedom and plentifulness. When nothing  yours, everything  yours. The ship Prabhaka   modern day down , who possesses nothing  live, cell-eye style, which most   only dream .  has  official position  command the power that armies could never possess.  stood for  elections, that    leader from whom the leaders would like  learn.  matter what  the situation,   okay  not? Because that' the way  .  you understand? Will  participate? Yes,  you understand? See, whatever  the situation, that' the situation, what you are going  .   okay  not? That  what God has created, you see. ,  being with whatever their areas, then what will happen? What will happen  just being with what  there? What will happen  you? Yes, you are released. You are released. And then you are released. Once you say, not okay, you are gone. You start entering the cycle  bondage. , this   life  things are okay,  not okay and not  all. But   able  courageously put this into effect  life, you require  little fuses. This  used  explore this bomb. , the little fuses, the 15 minutes morning  evening. After all,  evening  meditate for 15 minutes just  get back into really everything. Not that other things are not okay, but what happens? You get involved  the game. And then you start making this thing more important than the other thing. And then you start getting upset because things are not going the way you wanted. , for 15 minutes  release this knot. Say, everything  okay. Compact  everything  okay. You release the knot, release the knot every time. ,  you   doing this, releasing the knot, you will always remain there without getting caught there. Later, you will never get caught  anything.  you can enjoy everything that  going . Anything means anything. You will start being able  see that even the worst thing that  happening   necessity that  what  happening. You understand? Not that   not necessary that the bomb, because   necessary  happen there. You will begin  have  much different perspective  life. Rather than making the thing right around, you will just see that everything  going  because that  the way   supposed  . That  all. See, things cannot   any other way than what God has wished   .  cannot  .   impossible. And  are thinking that  are acting. Actually  are helpless. All  our acting  also being already programmed  God.  are simply witnessing, but  are thinking that  are doing. , for 15 minutes, let  stop and see what happens. Let  leave   God and see what happens. Miracle will happen. Then you get more confidence  God. Yes, probably God  running the wheel very well.  can let   run  God and  don' have  interfere. Actually, whether   going  interfere  not, God  running  the way   running  the way. Even your intraefferance has been put   God. Only your experiences will change.  you let . Not the world  going  change. World will not change. Don' worry. Don' try  change the world. Only your experiences  the world can change. world can change. And gradually the world will change because  people become sena, the world will change.  you are  more stressed, you will not create problems. You can ? Why all the criminals are doing the way they are doing? You know why? Because they are not happy with . That' why they create all these things.  they are happy with , would they create all those problems? Naturally they will not create.  the problems  society goes away  people realize their own dignity.  cannot  enforced  law and regulation. They found out that  the rate that the criminals are being admitted  the penitentiaries  America,  the same rate were  continue, three  four  America would  inside the prison  another twenty years. All   everybody will  inside the prison. Who  not  sena? You are only making judgment  others   see all the rights and not the laws. The right convenient laws are. The smart people are right convenient laws.  are all cheated.  you come and grab somebody' gold from their hand,   considered  criminal. But  you trick them into partying with    stock exchange,   not considered  criminal. All the smart people have written  all kinds  laws for themselves. All that cheating. And one cheating  acceptable because the smart people are all the smart people. You know, when the entire country  cheating, but conveniently legalize the cheating. You know, you don' have any property. What  your property? But  you claim that your property? Who  property? How  you get ? What? You buy , but where did you get that money from? , your husband. And where did  get  from? Went  work. And who says that  must  paid  much?   all cheating.    manipulative arrangement. One smart person, cheating, never  much. , your ownership  property  all cheating. Nobody wants any.  think belongs  you, you know. Everything belongs  God, but you are claiming. This  mine, this  mine. What does  make you? Because you are having  little muscle, you get  big property and say, this  mine, correct? '  gun. Another person comes with another gun and takes  away. Either with  gun  with  smart brain.  are all cheats, thinking that  eat other property. Even the intelligence that you have  not yours. God has given   you. You are the only intelligence, huh? Where did  come from?  you get the point  not? Where did your intelligence come from? Where did your physical power come from? Where did your looks come from? God has given   you, huh?   nothing  yours. But  are all cheating others, ' telling you this  mine. Only when people realize that this belongs  every person, how?  life belongs  every person.  you understand  not? Nothing  mine, huh? And everything  mine. You don' put the barrier, this  mine and this  not mine. Everything  yours, half nothing  yours. You see,  totally different way  living, huh? You have all been cheating yourself, are you telling? This  mine, this  not mine, correct? Actually, which one  yours? Nothing  yours, but cheating yourself. And that  the cost for all misery, huh? Telling that this  mine and this  not mine, that  the cost for misery. When you have nothing, you are free, you know. You have everything and you have nothing. Then the world will first not  legality, but   one. Everybody wants their ideal world where everybody loves each other. But that' why you are concerned, you are doing one part with your property, you know? Isn' ? Isn' ? See,  meditation can happen until you give  your property, you know? You give  fundamentally your ownership  everything.  that dichotomy, misery  built into the system.  whatever  are teaching without this,  meditation can happen. Why  all this? Why don' they technically let  teach meditation? Why technically  are teaching meditation? You will learn some technically and  nothing about , yeah? You understand? This   fundamental shift  the way  live. Are you willing  shift your life this way  not? See,   not telling  overnight, you give  all your wealth there, but give  the sense  ownership rather than giving  the material systems, giving  the sense  ownership  good enough, okay? Seeing that this belongs  every person, your life belongs  every one, come? From this context, your life will  very different, why  you     with your million? Just become  pain, pain for everybody, let  say. See, that  what our masters have shown , all the masters,  matter from which religion. You know how they have lived. They said, this   property, this  your own house, this  not  property, how they have lived.  there anything like  Christian saint who says,   only for Christians,   not for all the others. Any saint like this?  there any Christian saint? Bill, have you seen  Christian saint? Nobody has seen  Christian saint   Muslim saint   Hindu saint, they have seen  saint  not. There cannot   Christian saint, there cannot   Muslim saint, can there ?   person says,   only for Christians,    saint?    fool,  politician. You think Mother Therians have been saying,   only for Christians. But because  people like Mother Therians, there   Christianity  Cross-Pasth, you know, whatever she has been trained, people think   something very much fun. , let  ask, now for meditation  happen  your life, all the time. One other basic, the most important and very, very essential part  that , one thing you give  your ownership. You understand  not? You may have everything but nothing  yours.  all belongs  God and you are using   serve God  every way. You get this point? Yes, Sarvandh,  the church, but this  not going   again and again Sarvandh, only one Sarvandh. One Sarvandh. Either you get   you  home.   alright for   you  home. Only those who are willing  change,  live  your life. Giving  the ownership. Giving  the sense that this belongs  , have some right over this and all that. God will give you everything, just like you will give.  will give you  million for . Your life will become exciting. What about you? Give  that. You have ownership. See, maybe you have got  start  life  living grace, rather than living  effort.  less    you are  that sense. You get  live  heart' grace. And meditation   process  living  this body. Let  start with 15 minutes,   your previous and then tell , tell . All the time.  shall happen very fast. But  don' have   keep  reminding you. Either you let   you hold .  two steps.   going  slowly think about letting .  ahead and think. But not anymore here. You want  shift. You see the point, you shift.  you don' see the point, you will  home. You are responsible for everything. That means you won everything. You know that, huh? You won everything. Everything that belongs  you  belong  everybody. You don' hold   everything.  simply happens. That  what the Guru teaches you. The real Guru teaches you how  live   state. And the way  get    being with the Guru. There   other way  get .  you are with people who are egoistic, you only get the egoisticness. But  you are with people who live this way, you get that way  life.   paradise. Good. You see, ,   not difficult.   simple. Because doing  your own effort   hard.  give  gracious for people. What you are doing  telling yourself. You will  done   anything. Gandhi calls this state  living   trustee. God has given you this whole world and    trustee for the whole world. Living here life   you are  trustee. All the world  living here. You use  very carefully knowing that everything  yours. You can overcome poverty instantly.  living this way, right now. Power day  only thinking that this  only mine. This  not mine. Why you want  live  poverty? Let  live  greatest abundance. , Satsang, you know,  call  Satsang. That  Satsang means   together truly. When the people are together truly   with you.  are giving Satsang means  really The viewer   excellent friend  the same shri