Only Party  wonderful, easy. Everything becomes 100 times easier. But when people say, , this  mine. Why you are taking ? This  mine. You should take permission.  have rights over this. Then everybody  afraid  everybody else, huh? You can never generate love  this world,  long  you have access  ownership  the property. You may talk only about love. You don' have 5000 years    telling you every Sunday, you know, come  the Sunday class.  will give you one more session. Love your neighbor. And then next class,  say, love your next neighbor' neighbor. Next day,  say, love your husband. And then next day,  don' have time. This   then. One class,  finished. And meditate every day. Clear yourself, huh? Clear, clear, clear every day. And your natural ability  love will   increasing, without you doing anything. Just give  ownership, take everyone  yours, huh? Just   servant  all. Automatically, you will  the first. Jesus says, the one who shall  the first, who shall  the one who  willing   the last, shall  the first and the servant  all. The one who  willing   the servant  all will always  the first. The one who wants   the first, will always  into them. Give  competitiveness, become  servant  all.  don' want,  that tomorrow you will display the same quality  Jesus. But you are  better Jesus than the day before yesterday. Every day you will   better Jesus. Automatically spontaneously, that will manifest. All the powers also will come. You know, whatever power Jesus has, that also will come.  your surrender, surrender things, that' fine. Grace will descend through you. God will speak through you. Not that you have got  get into some crazy state and then saying, , , God has come. Not like these acting. But really, you are very life. You will  one  God' life. You have got vegetables, you drive  car, and the road there. Everything will represent something supreme. You give the sense  ownership, ' good enough. You give the sense, give  the sense  ownership. Automatically, everything will  ahead from you. Don'  this. Like , you will   pauper. But you can   Hawaii also. You will  invited  the greatest places  the world. Parmati. Automatically, you will come  , make  check. Wherever you are,  hair will  red.  surrender   master.  got  here. You surrender  the great man. You will get this. Very easy. Hold   your good boat. You see,  cannot sink here.  person can make  sink here.  can   Timba too  Nigeria,  doesn' matter.  will always set   circular helmet. And  will start there. , this  like, you know,  person who knows how  swim, you cannot drown anymore. Really,   experts who know matter what  happening  the ocean. And  the ocean  alive. Similarly,  you get trained, you will not sink here,  matter what the forces are. , until you are strong, what you  , you hang   your boat. That will not sink here. That  what the teacher provides. You see, any great person, surrender  him.  will take you through. Any great person, doesn' matter. There are many hundreds  great people, but not only one. They know how  not sink here. They know better what? Hold   them. Surrender  them. This  the mother, the rest  them will never get sunk. Impossible. She can'  anywhere  the world. , those who hang   her boat, they are also saved. They get the good karma, mother, the rest  them surrender  mother, all your bad karma  done, all her good karma  yours. Instant. But  you claim independence from her, then you have  look out  your own.  soon  you surrender   great master,  great master' good karma  instantly yours,  your bad karma  gone. You get this point? ' very easy for .  easy. Instant. But there are many very few great masters,  least  the last one, who really understood what    take care  disciples  . But  India,  have got lots  masters,  , how  take care  them? And  disciples.  master took care   like that. Even though, you know,  was ...  had lots  money,  had  much,  gave  all  because  said, this  not mine.  want  start   zero. And all this money which  learned, and  said,   right, call that money,  doesn' belong  you. All that,  gave  back,  said, give  away  charities, give  away  whoever needed, and  started  zero. And  beg  you. And all that has come afterwards  only  grace, you know, not  Kambayata. Because  has come  grace,   not attached  . Anybody wants  have all  this, take . But  take  also, this... You see, nobody takes . They cannot hold this. This property that has been given  protected  God.   not protected  Lord, the regulation.  nobody can take  away. And   not  the wealth there. You can have all the wealth that  have produced here.  will not  moved.  can start from zero again, you know. Because   always  zero. You are  time  travel. All  students will  there. Guruji,  you have any money   from here  the next place? Sometimes  will have  few rupees  sometimes  may not have. Then they just put  little bit   pocket and say, until you , you know, you may require something  buy, keep this money with you.   don' know   anything. God takes care    itself. When you live for everybody, everybody will live for you.  you live for yourself, you have got  carry the whole body around you. You understand this?   this free world, you are suffering. Why don' you live for everybody?  will not  able  live for you. Wherever you , that  your home. You see, very beautiful. Good,  you want   trained this way? You want  fall down  yourself.  will just talk about  with your own property.  you claim one home  your home, all the other homes are not yours. When you don' have any home, all homes are yours. This  the most wonderful thing.  have  rule,  have big oceans.  anybody can come  the Ashram and stay.  problem. Anybody can come and stay. Only thing  after you come , don' say, this   Ashram and other people can' come . You keep the door open and everybody else  come  also. And you too can come . And  give you the Ashram.  don' say this   Ashram also. You are Ashram? Take   Ashram. Only with just one more class and other person and make . Also make  available for them over next time. But you are not lived this way. This   very difficult reason. You have all lived and they limited ownership. Ownership waste. And  you are experiencing  lot  difficulty  life. What can  ?   were  live like what you are doing,  too would experience the same difficulty. See most  the offices you   Canada, they are all worthless paper movements. The real work  only 5%. All the other 99%  all paper movements. Just  keep the jobs alive. The more number  people you get, there   much  internal transaction taking place.  work  getting done. Simply papers move around for one less time.  think ' getting done. This  always most organizations, most institutions, most factories, empty areas, etc. Because people are not interested  getting the work done. They are only interested  safeguarding their position.  they will   lot  paper movements just  make sure that everybody sees that their work  very important. Actually  could all  enjoying all that time. There  what  there   done?  little bit  farming, you get lots  food there.  little bit  clothing. And for all  that, nothing much  required there.  can  enjoying ourselves all that time.  fact, doing them also will  enjoyable. Provided you  . Knowing that this   great opportunity for    something,  grow  food for everyone. ' very fantastic. Once your head day goes away, you have protection mechanism. And see  releases. And when you start living,   you live for everybody, you don' need  sleep  all. Because you are  joyous, there   need for sleep. Sleep  only for people who are nuts. Who are trying  protect themselves, having lot  headache, lot  problems.  they always want  sleep  many hours. And even after getting  there, they are not okay. But here, hardly you need  sleep because you are  joyous all that time. You will   automatic productive member  the world there. Give  your damn ownership life. And start living for everybody. Not because  communism, communism doesn' work. Imposed communism doesn' work.   worse than capitalism. But voluntary, voluntary sharing works. Volunteering giving  scholarship. People will give you  much. And then you will say,  don' want  much. Let other people have you.  many other people. You just   channel for passing  . Everybody   happy. There isn' enough  the world there. There  plenty  the world there. But   not going  wear  whom  should . That' all. People are greedy. They are holding onto things. They don' want that. Most are looking. Actually, there   poverty. Only poverty  trying   better than others. Only poverty  trying   better than others. Whether   here  anywhere, anywhere  the world. Only people are poor because  very good. Not because  anything else. They are unwillingness  offer themselves 100%. Anywhere you   the world. Any society can  transformed into  very great society. Almost overnight.  people just switch from this state  other state. Your life will  miraculous. You will not know why you are  happy. Drop your ownership from today. You will  sensed and happy. But  reason. The burden  carrying your property  more there  . You are given   God and God  taking care. You are  free. See, here they are satanais here. See, satanavas are very depressed soul there. She was thinking that her whole world  gone because you know, wonderful child. She lost her husband. She was very, very depressed. She was thinking who  going  carry the whole burden  this life? And you know that their children are not with  Indian movement.    happen they are very dangerous. But after she takes the course, she  happy for  reason. Because now she   more carrying the burden that  have  carry  child. You leave your life for everybody. ' about going  -caliber. You get this point. All  you are unnecessarily carrying unnecessary burden.  will now begin  live    are parents   wild country. You understand?  far you are only parents  your own children. Now from  one, all children, anyone who  inside,  start living  this. And that will begin  flow more and more and more. And lot  your nonsense  life  just goes . Only the pure essentials will remain. And your life will  wonderful. Your nibbars life will  wonderful because they have  parent  the world   fighting. You see?  you like your nibbars  look after your kids   they are their own kids  not?  you are not around,  you like them  take after your kids   they are their own kids? Why don' you start your own? Start looking after every kid  your own kid. Every child, every person  your own children.  the greatest present you will ever give  the world. The highest present you will ever give  the world. You need  start living   parent for this whole world.   not know what you will . But whatever you will  will   changing from today. And everything will  something miraculous. Okay? Start from wherever you are. Whatever way  expresses. And gradually  makes the person change. The Best Hemaketha days, you find yourself totally relieved  all diseases like blood pressure, diabetes, arthritis, insomnia, ulcers and others. You are freed from all tensions and then you can really see what life has  offer. How  this miracle possible? Yes, when you  from doing  non-doing, anything can happen and SSY teaches you this non-doing.  invite you  take this program and experience what    celebrate life. Jai Gurudev. Jai Gurudev. Jai Gurudev. Jai Gurudev.