disciplining yourself, part 1  Guruji Sri Rishi Prabhagara. Guruji Rishi Prabhagara   builder  world leaders.    scientist, engineer, active environmentalist, creator  forest and forest academics for exciting education.    national leader and guide,  silent meditator and active inspiration  simplicity and dynamism for thousands around the world whose lives have been touched  him and  dedicated band  leaders. Most  the time,  abandoned himself  the forest along with whoever cares  join him, eating whatever comes along, sleeping  rocks, relishing natural foods, mountain air and quietness  the wilderness. Without  bank account possessing nothing  his own, living  whatever  offered  love, working joyfully for the welfare  all, wherever  , Guruji represents  living ideal  the great masters  India. His contribution   producing many great masters who embody his powerful way  life, enjoy and ecstasy. They are  turn producing likes  themselves. Why your made life  difficult? Why can' you just have   easy? Expensive  America, you know? Because you take everything very seriously,  everything becomes very costly. Even  here  Joksa, you are got  organize. Everything , anything that  taken seriously costs money  produce. More and more production. Great, huh? More production. More increase, more increase. Everybody  going for more and more production, huh?  what has happened? Everybody  working very hard  produce more and more production. They asked him, why are you producing  much  that  can save time?  you are producing more and more machinery,  that you can save time, correct? More and more washing machines, more and more robots, more and more.  production can increase? , you don' have  work, correct? And all the people are working  hard  get these machines. Spend their whole life trying  get these machines. Why produce?  save time.  what they are doing ,  said, see before there was  telephone.  you had    the person  deliver .  was taking  long time.   save time they provided the telephone, correct?  now with telephone, they are able  save time. They are able   more work, correct? Why they should  more work  that they can reduce their work, huh? Faster they  the work, the more time they must have , correct  not? Why you want   things faster? Because you want  have more time  yourself, correct?  they produced more and more telephones,  you can  things faster, huh?  you can have more time  yourself, correct? And then, now you ask people, see before telephone was there, they  least could walk around until somebody came. Now whether you are  the bathroom   the bedroom, people will call you, correct?  where  that time? See before,  least when you had those telephones, the wired telephones,  least you could sit quietly. You still have getting   going  the telephone. You could have waited when somebody would take the telephone  the person would just ring enough number  times and then stop, correct?  least you could take  easy, little bit.  least you say, when you went  the bathroom   least when you went  the toilet  the morning, you could comfortably sit and   without telephone problem. Now that you are got wireless. Even that place has been invaded. Correct  not? Even while you are doing the most wonderful thing  the world, the telephone  there hanging   you. And now  least when people were travelling out there, they were left free    themselves  the car  least,  when they were walking outside.  least people could not catch them, you know? Isn' ? Now the cellular phone  gone. Wherever you , you can  caught now. Going  the road also, you see? Before  least when you are going  the road, some amount  relaxation would  there. Now you can  one more thing, you know? While you are driving, you can talk  the person.  everybody  the car going like this.  very soon with the advanced technology, you see, there are certain ceremonies that are performed  during  person' life, you know, like they  through puberty, then they  through marriage, then like this,  have 16 ceremonies  India. When you first day  school, these are all ceremonies that are done.  nowadays,  have got 16 kriyas, they call , huh? After the 16th kriya, now  17th kriya will  added  . The 17th kriya that  done  the child  called Antanoying.  will tell you what Antanoying . Antanoying  installation   Intel chip, into your head itself. And when Antana will  put right here,  you don' have  carry anything around. And then they will  directly connected, see the audio signals from the microwave and telephone messages. They are directly transmitted into your auditory nose, bypassing the ear.  ears are  more required. And you can see the pictures without eyes, because they are directly connected  your visual cortex. Digitized information goes through the neurons, into that visual cortex.  you  not know whether you are seeing reality  you are seeing  television show.  yes, small, what  you call that type? Keyboard. Keyboard.  keyboard will  installed directly into the hand.  you don' have   anywhere. All controls will  directly done here.  this  called key-boulding and Antanoying. This ceremony will become part  children' progress. With their two  three years,   installed. And they are given  number. Here, what number? That cellular phone, telephone number. That  their syn number.  Canada, they call   social insurance number. They call , what  your syn? Right. Sian  the contraction.  they ask, what  your syn? You are born into Canada, that  the syn. Now the number  given. Anywhere and everywhere, anybody can contact you. And you will  saving  much time.   hope nobody has brought cellular phones here   bugged. But once this Antanoying ceremony starts becoming happening, then  all our retreats,  must have some special devices  release the person from this electrical connection. These are all new possibilities.  what are you, production machine? What you are producing?  you can save time. And nobody has any time. Because you can   much more now. There   much anger there. They don' have any time for anything. They can  well walking, they can  well driving, they can  everything. '  big illusion. The more you work  production and saving time, the less time you will have. The more facilities you create, the more people will complete. That this  not okay, that  not okay.  can  better, this can  better, that can  better, correct?  the new policies  governments must   make the life very inconvenient, not convenient. Instead  building roads, damage them purposely.  people cannot .  least then they will start resting  home for  while. More production means more running, ? Correct? More running, more running, more exploitation, more resources. What  the problem with America? 25%  the carbon dioxide  the world  produced  5%  the population  the world sitting here. Because you are very good  production, huh? Produce faster, faster consumption, huh? More and more consumption, more and more consumption. People are telling, say India  very bad, nothing  organized out there. Baba, that  very, very good there.   not organized.   was organized like this, and  they were producing like this, what will happen  the oxygen  the world? You understand? Because you people, many  you Americans, you are not going  India and seeing what  the problem.  all Indians were  start consuming like Americans, what will happen? See, 1% increase  production  India  thousands  times, , 10% increase  this country. Correct  not?  1%  the population start getting car, that  enough  cover off all  India, huh?   should thank all those governments which have made life very inconvenient.  people cannot consume resources. Correct  not?   your president has got any brains,  must lowly dismantle one  one all the highways, blast them, make  very inconvenient. You cannot   this road, you cannot   that road, everybody  told, huh? And then see  people can still survive, huh? ' asking you  question. Let  say that you purchase  car and you start driving.   now going  10 miles  hour, okay? And you want   faster, you   20 miles  hour. You want   still faster, 30 miles  hour.  still  faster, 40 miles  hour, okay? You are never chucked, whether the brakes are working  not. You understand?  you don' chuck, what will happen? You are going  40 miles  hour and you are never chucked the brakes, huh? When  turn comes and your brake  not working, what will happen?  you crash  40, huh? You may survive, but the car will  smashed, huh? You may survive.  you crash  30 miles, what will happen? Your engine will collapse, but you may  saved.  you crash  20, your radiator may  gone, huh? But the engine will not .  you crash  10, your head glasses, you know, those glasses may . But the radiator may not , correct? All these countries are running more, more, more, huh? More, has anybody chucked ? Stopping this machine?   necessary  not? Has any economist tested this? Fuel, fuel the growth, huh? Fuel the growth, correct? Has any president chucked? They have chucked, whether the brake  there  not?   important  chuck the brake  not?  you understand this? All these growing more and more production, huh? More and more, more and more, more and more. Any brake? Please think about this, huh? Until you know this brake, life  dangerous. Don' you think? This whole world  going through  very dangerous zone, ? Everything will crash. Just  matter , ' already  fire. Already the petrol   the road. Only that fire has not been put yet, that' all. What  the brake? What  the brake? Cut the electricity one day and see  the country can still survive  not, huh? What  you think?  there  good test?  India    very often. What  you think? Which country  better off?  have now tested grounds, huh? Suddenly  party will call Bharat Bandh, means the whole country  closed here.  trains,  buses,  milk,  water. And people say   alright.  will  after tomorrow  Elkottisir, free holiday  got. Many  the Indians, they  not know what geariness  there  that country. There are  many brakes applied  test whether the country can still survive.  all these brakes, huh? Not,  people are happy, huh? Without these things. Isn'  fantastic  the electricity goes off, nobody bothers.   perfectly alright, huh? That  all rightness, you know? Isn' ? Otherwise, everyone  killing each other, huh? Just because one hour electricity went off  New York City, huh?  many people died,  many people went mentally, berserked. How?  many people lost their head dead.  this development? Without brakes, the country  running. Cut off water and see what happens. You understand, ? Cut off water. And see  the people can   the nearby pond  the nearby well and get the water and leave  , huh? Instead  polluting , huh, and making  unusable and the water has   brought from the Canadian Arctic North.  pipeline will  laid.  oil pipeline, this one, this one  water pipeline, huh? Because all the things are polluted out here.  this development? What  you think?  you cannot get water, huh?  yourself,  least  survive. Within ten minutes. Ten minutes  too long, you know? Within five minutes walk from your house.   important  not?  you have that and have the comfort,   okay, huh?  you are able  live like that and have these things and you are not dependent  this for you   happy, then you are something. That  the break  the system  testing the break. There was  prediction when that thing about  nuclear bomb  Cancer City, what  that? The last day  something like that. There was  movie. What was ?  the nuclear holocaust, one city gets blown. Cancer City.  the movie, what   called? The day after, yes.  that had happened, they predicted that there would   such thing   government  the United States. There would   such thing  the United States first  all, huh? ,  are now giving you the breaks  your life, huh? This  what these retreats are all about,  this break. Learning  live  nothing, huh?  entertainment from outside  required. You get all the entertainment from inside  going into silence. Reduce the amount  food there  that you are able  live  very little and know that very little  all that  required  live very happily  life.   with each other  gods  what  important, not owning  separate car. Separate everything, huh? What  struggle  have everything separate, huh? And what   causing? Huge pollution, ? That, early  suffering, huh? They are telling Baba, two  three people get into the car, don' come alone, huh? Too much pollution, ? , learning  share, learning   together, increase love, not production, okay?  production happens  top  , that  fine. But don' focus  production. Focus  inner richness being self-sufficient  the least, huh? You think    good idea  not? Huh? That  why make use  this opportunity under many more opportunities  put the break  the system.   from start  from zero again. See, the strength   person  not  having cars, but knowing that you can get along without cars with the strength, huh? And you can have  car, but knowing that you cannot, you can get along without car, without this fat salary.  dude  telling , very great person. For six months   year,  has been telling , you know what, Guruji? Who knows what  the best thing  grow   particular place?   know  does nature know what  the best thing  grow? Who knows? What  the best thing   grown  any particular place?   know   nature knows ? You understand? Nature knows what  the best thing  grow, correct?  cut all the trees and start putting wheat, huh? What  happening?  says, nature produces more food than you can produce.  you just leave  alone and the best food that  can produce.   not know how  eat things from the forest. Unless   this agriculture,  don' know how  survey. Man did agriculture only  the last 10,000 years, sir. Before that,  were only living off like monkeys from the forest. You know,  does not cook  their house. They  not buy anything  their house. They have got  wild forest around their place. Every day they  and collect, huh? Whatever nature gives and eats, see how healthy  , huh? And nature produces more food than you can produce.