The optimum food, whatever    grown  produce. This   Canada,   cold country.  did not get  redwards message  the first few times. Now   getting the message slowly. What  telling? The worst interference  have done with nature  agriculture,  the worst interference. Isn' ?   didn' have agriculture, there would  lot  forest. The ozone layer would  perfect, huh? Everything would  perfect. Anyway,  have gotten  far away,  can' even think  these things nowadays, huh?  have moved away  much.  have created production, production, production, production.  time  rest.  time just   correct?   say three times, put the brake, huh? Put the brake  your mind, just rest, minding afternoon, evening, new meditation.  will  very relaxed. , let  enjoy ourselves here, okay?  production business, huh?  particular experience  produce, huh? Don' make this another production device.  want  have such and such  experience,  come here. Spirituality  not about getting anywhere, that  all materialism. Getting anywhere  materialism, producing something. When you are just happy, just the way  , going nowhere, needing   nowhere, that  spirituality.  spirituality  not  attain something,  matter how holy    how crazy  , huh?   not about seeing God  all, okay? Spirituality  just  . And when you are just being, you will suddenly start experiencing something wonderful, huh? Which you may call  God.   not about attaining God.   not one more goal-oriented phenomenon.  when you are here, just  like children, don' expect anything  happen, okay? Just the rules  meditation.  you expect anything  happen, nothing will happen. Just let  , you know? Even gradually you will start experiencing that all the time. Then life will   joke, huh? Life  just  play, but for you  experience  right now, you all made  very serious, ?  told you, ? The more and more serious you make, the more and more far away from God you are, huh? Everything  , , , huh?   not just what .   very peculiar.  India when people say they say,   going   meditation.  will, you know,  will  and  praniam. But  America they don' say that. They say,  want    meditation.  want    praniam.   this fellow has got his own praniam, bought and put inside. They want  possess everything, separating themselves from others and from God, huh? The more, , , , , , far and far than father  your from God. True  not? And then,  God. There  the worst   all, huh?  God  the biggest problem  the world. True  not?  God Jesus,  God Allah,  God Rama and then you all fight with each other, huh?  the name  God fighting,  God  more valuable than your God. Total fanatism, brainless, headless world.  you are talking about your God, you are certainly don' have any God, huh? Simply politicians.  your Christian politicians, you have got Muslim politicians, you have got Hindu politicians. They are not religious leaders, they are all politicians, great politicians, huh? Because the message  don' try  get anywhere, don' try  secure anything, huh?   only about just letting  and experiencing whatever that happens.   child, the kingdom  heaven  certainly open  you.  soon  you start becoming somebody, important, very big.  here  things have  work, don' demand anything, okay? All those who demand service, who demand this, who demand that, see  are not here  supply  your demand, okay? Here  will not give you, huh? Even  you ask, your life will become very uncomfortable, huh?   told you, what  the purpose  governments must ?  you are discomfort, huh? Then people will  very happy.  here ' all about discomfort.  you don' like discomfort,  home, okay?  very comfortable. Here   all unnecessary. Why  make  uncomfortable? Because  that you can know that even with this discomfort you can live happily, huh? This  the purpose  our trainings. You need  remove more and more  the -called comforts, huh? And see whether you can live very simply, very happily,   possible, because you have nothing else  .    very easy  experience that you can  very happy. All advertisements  about having more and more. The guru teaches you how  live one less and less.  you are happy  nothing, huh? Wouldn' you  happy all the time?  you are able   happy  nothing, you would  happy all the time.  only these things are present, then only you are happy, then you are left yours   kicked around  these things, huh?  let  get back  our strength and become very, very strong. Now with this understanding, let  everything. Let   all the non-production that your parents have not done  you, huh? You understand? All these animacities you have  people because  what? Why  the core reason for animosity between people? What? Production  the problem, huh? They did not , huh? This, that  why   angry with this fellow. Correct? They did not produce.  let  get rid  all these production problems and just know that everything  okay, just the way  . All your enemies, huh? Today, you are best friends, huh? They have taken  much trouble  stop your accelerated, huh? And operations. Would you like  have  road which has  friction? What? Would you like  travel   road which has  friction? What will happen? Correct. You are not  control. What gives control? Riksal, correct. Otherwise you can' turn the wheel  all.  will stop, continue   according  the Newton' first law. The body,  tends  move  the same direction. Unless prevented  external forces.  all the people who put break  you, okay? You keep them very close  you because they are all internal breaks which you can use whenever you want, huh? Those internal breaks are not available and external breaks will come, huh? Which are very dangerous.  you don' apply the break from within the car, huh? What will happen? Then the tree will act  well. External break.  the break   tight that the car cannot move  all then there  one more problem. But the one who doesn' allow you   anything  all  the person who wants    close  you, huh? Just like  baby hugging guy. They mother.  all the people who are totally preventing you from doing anything,  for sure they are your greatest lovers, huh? They are hugging you  closely. They care for you wherever you , they watch you  that you don' get out  hand.  say,  you don' listen  yourself, huh? See, there   voice, there  something called conscience.  you don' listen  your own voice then your wife will tell you. And  you don' listen  your wife then your children will tell you,  you don' listen  the wife and children then the neighbors will tell you, huh? Your friends will tell you. And  the,  you don' listen  them then the neighbors will tell you.  you don' listen  the neighbors then the police will tell you, okay? Better  have internal breaks than external breaks. Two  more.  any person who cares for you, huh? Who  giving you problems? And that means, anybody who  giving you problems means  cares for you very, very much, okay?  bless them very deeply for having taken care  you for  long.  Guruji used  say, you know, the person' whom you should worship most are the people who are sitting  jails. Why? Because they have taken  much trouble  teach you not   what they did. Huh?   not possible  give you good courses here.  you want you come  India, you will get real , huh? Extravagant courses you will get.  else you will  and sue .  took  somewhere.  fell down. This crotch happened. One million dollars would, what will  ?  India,  people come   course and they die there, let' say, okay? For any reason, then the parents are very happy that  died  the presence  the Guru. Huh? Really? They are  happy.   must have done something very, very great because  did not die  the house.  died  front  the Guru.  our attitude  very different. Here the attitude  very different.   cannot give you much  the high-level courses.  you,  you want good quality, leave America, come  India. Anyway, this  about getting lost. But please don' get lost  this course. And then people will come and ask , after the course, you  and  whatever you want. See,  India,   person does not come after the course, they know the course was very effective. They are very happy that this person got the course and    more coming home, you know?  India,   not have the democracy that you have here.  have  different kind  democracy.   not democracy,   liesocracy. The highest form  government exists  India naturally. You are still chotta bachas. That means you are still  fits  far  democracy  concerned.  India, things are, everybody does not have equal rights.  cannot have equal rights.  person who  stealing and  person who  contributing, how can both  them have the same vote? Can they have the same right? You want? What  you think?  person who cannot stop himself from stealing and  person who  contributing enormously  society, should they have the same vote? What  you think? This  India, this  America. Fullish democracy you are having.  India,   not have equal votes.  person who contributes most,  has got votes.  has got natural power. Nobody will question his power. The highest person  India  not the president.   not the billionaire. Who  the highest person  India? The guru  the highest person  India, huh? One who doesn' have anything, who doesn' possess anything,  only relies  God' gift, huh?   totally free like  child.  has nothing  his own. And everyone  his.   the highest authority.  policeman will come and interfere   guru' work, huh?  legal legislation will come. Whatever the guru does  , that  the highest law. Because  has proved himself, you see. What  you think? Should the wisest people have the power?  everybody should have one vote?  India, everything works perfectly. But people think   imperfect. Imperfect according  this democracy.   perfect according  the nature  things.  will prove  you slowly, slowly, slowly, huh? But what appears  not true. God, this  all about getting lost, okay? The guru helps you  get lost. And that  his only aim, huh?  that you get lost into God.    very interesting process. See, the goal  the guru   disturb you  that all your previous concepts are all broken. And now you can get lost, huh?  you understand,  you start understanding and becoming very firm  your belief system, then you cannot get lost.   you are lost, you are  the best state now, okay? And  you are enjoying yourself, you are  the best state.  you are troubled also, you are  the best state. Because your previous concepts are breaking down, huh? That  why you feel  troubled, huh? That' also good sign,  that' something  happening. But once you  through that breakdown, then you realize, right, there  nothing. Then you will find the whole thing hilarious. Anyway, whether you liked   not,  liked what  said. Because  too don' know what   telling you. Everybody asks, Guruji, Guruji, you tell what you said then,  can' repeat what  said somewhere.   not possible.  want  investigate . Whatever   talking  only loud thinking, okay? Not necessarily the truth. But there  lot  truth. Don' think   not truth. There  lot  truth  , and  fact   the truth. Because   not coming from some trying  get you somewhere.   simply happening because  are just together here doing nothing, huh?  production  required.  everything  spontaneous. Whatever that comes  spontaneous. The chance comes  you. How one can   indiscipline? How   possible   indiscipline? Then Guruji has said, don'   any discipline. Tomorrow  will not come  the class  6 'clock, huh?  will get   whatever time  want. Why  should not experience the same freedom  Guruji? All that questions must  going   your mind already, correct? How can the world work, huh?  you live like this, you have  understand  little more.  that  will continue    along, okay? Cannot  given just like that.  requires  lot  courage,  lot  understanding  live  total indiscipline.   very easy  follow everybody else and  disciplined.   very, very easy, okay?   spontaneous, huh?   really having  very exciting life.  requires courage and understanding.  here our trainings are  give you both the courage and the understanding. The courage will come  you going into your silence. And automatically understanding begins  happen. Understanding cannot  given  the Guru.  has  happen  you  yourself. But the Guru  there  let you have the experience where the understanding can .  cannot give , ' not  verbal understanding.   more  experiential state which brings understanding.   are here just  help you  get into that stage where natural understanding comes from ego. The other understanding comes from the Self. Most  you have been trained  understand from the ego point  view. How  protect yourself? How  get along  the world? How  earn more money? How  win over this other fellow? How  beat nature? Exploit nature, correct? Exploit the resources  the world, huh? These are the words that are used from the ego point  view. Why you want  understand nature?  you can exploit nature, huh? These are all the corruption  the understanding that comes from ego. Now there   new understanding that happens when you are  your Self. But how  you get into the Self?  doing nothing, you get into the Self. That indiscipline thing, you know? You are afraid  what will happen   don'  anything.  the guru  there just  take you through slowly, slowly, slowly. The best training  after you  all these BST and  with  teacher for some time. The best training for you  get into non-doing   you  through teacher training. Unless you  through teacher training and  with  for the 25 days, some metamorphosis does not take place. For the 25 days  the company  the guru, having the best time  your life, letting , will create some very beautiful changes  the universe   new understanding will come. This  usually enough for Indians about 25 days. But for people from the West who  not know anything about ,  will require about 3  6 years. Because they have never known what  guru , you know? They think    preacher.  guru  more than father, mother.   able  take everybody  his children. And  will teach you how  live  the world   parent. Your mother and father will teach you how  live   small family   parent. But the guru will teach you how  live  the world   parent.  many  these things are only short, short, short experiences, small, small experiences.  you progress within  few years, you will  able  courageously  nothing. Courageously  totally indisciplined. Totally  what you want   not. What  required  you, you will not   employee  any person, you will   master  yourself. The only direction comes from God, not from these bosses. Now  will take, because  have confused you,  have  clear this also. This process  not simply like that. , suddenly don' become indisciplined and don' come here tomorrow, you say,   totally undisciplined.