disciplining yourself. Set...... Sit.. And this  one more thing,  find because your taught these democratic principles are what   you must . But you are sure what you can ,  too can ,   not true. What the Guru can , Shisha cannot , students cannot , they are not allowed  . Whatever Guru says you can . Otherwise you must  everything the Guru does. Not just whatever you want  pick and choose. The rule  not the same for  and you, okay. When you are enlightened you have  rules, there   problem. Until you are enlightened you require  master. Once you are enlightened,  himself will say, Baba, , you are free now, you  whatever you want.  want  teach you about undiscipline  you want . But  you don' want ,  you think   too disturbing then  will teach you only about discipline. Which one you want? Indiccipline. Correct.  you want  learn about indiscipline then you should not get disturbed then  give you certain things because   opposite  whatever you are doing, correct?  you get very disturbed then.   think most people here want about indiscipline correct? How  live  indiscipline?  you want  live  discipline which one you want? The wonderful thing about this  everybody wants  live  indiscipline, they want others  live  discipline. This  the first one.   okay with  but others  they don' follow certain things. They want freedom, they don' want other people   like that. See there are lots  freedom and there are lots for indiscipline. Lots for discipline and lots for indiscipline. Most  you have been taught only lots  discipline and that  why    difficult for you. Life   difficult. Lots  discipline, lots  order, lots  structures. Because  this discipline the way  has been held , every worker feels very restrained.  has  follow the discipline  the boss whatever the boss says you have  follow. And  when things don' work you are always pointing your finger  the boss. Some authority figure  there helping you. Correct? You always feel somebody  causing you the disturbance. The whole world works that way. They want  point the finger  somebody other than themselves. Isn' ? Passing the back  the natural thing  this loss  discipline. They are now automatic corollary out  this process. Lots  indiscipline requires  very different understanding. That understanding    responsible, that somebody else  responsible. You know? '  different shift.    different shift. ' connected that then  turn  back and   right here. discipline  required when you don' understand. You  , that' all.   like going  the road. The leader  also going  the road, followed  also going  the road. Both  them stop  the stop sign. The leader does  with understanding. The follower does  with discipline.  leader   freedom. The follower , feels   bound  these laws. The leader, thanks the person who has put the stop sign, who indicates  you that there   traffic ahead. That' the only difference. One   correctitude, another one  grumbling. But the whole world, there   much controlling everyone. All discipline oriented life has been lost. And here you will get disturbed. See,  purpose   disturb you only. See,   don' disturb you, what new knowledge you will get? , new knowledge, but necessarily disturbing.    continuation  the same knowledge,   not teaching anything greater from. And necessarily these are all, these are all adventures. Beautiful things.  can talk only about love. , , . And everybody  very happy. Now  are starting with love. That' fine. You feel okay? When   here with ,   such  loving person, such  good person. You will  all right. But when you  out  this place, again you are meeting with demons. Because you are not powerful, you see, you have made  powerful, isn' ? When  talk about love, you are feeling  love. Something nice. Then you will come   again and again, because you feel good and you are with .  people   the church, temple, home. Again and again. Again and again. Because that  where they feel the love. What  better?     place where there  love.  you yourself are  strong. That you don' require  external environment for you   happy. That  why, see love  the emotional thing. Higher than that  understanding. Understanding will lead  lot  love, isn' ? But love leading  understanding  very short-lived. But understanding leading  love  firm foundation. Mother and father, they give love  the child, huh?   understands.  begins  understand, huh?   willing  understand.  person who understands  willing   hated, huh? And still love. Correct?  person who understands, huh?   willing   hated and still love.  person who wants   loved, huh?   not strong. See here, raising dance, huh? All that  wonderful. But   new level,  new level  understanding.  far, all  you thought only production  , huh? And honestly, you are following more and more production, huh? Nothing wrong with you. Because that  all you understood.  what life  about, produce, huh? Produce more, produce more, huh? Not only you, the whole world  going that way. When  talk here,  are not talking about India  America.  are talking about ourselves, you know? How  are moving? Where  are moving?  can tell you, you   any economist,   any president  any countries, all these great policy makers, huh? You  and ask them,  they have  break  the system, huh?  they are tested, they break. You think they know?  taught you how  put the break  the system. Any even ideas are going around?  these are very major events for the world  understand how  put the break  the system.  Sanskrit,  call  Akarma and Karma, huh? Both have   understood. Non-doing and doing, both have   understood. Only doing, doing, doing, doing, only discipline has been understood, huh? Non-doing freedom, ecstasy, indiscipline, huh? And that would  understood, correct? Which one you want   teach? Tell . How  teach you? How? Discipline. More production? How?  doesn' matter not only for you for the whole world. Whatever  truly beneficial  you, must  beneficial   whole world. The whole world, other will see   not . Most  you have put all your training, huh? All your thing  the other aspect, huh?  when  present something, you have done your PhD  production engineering.  God, the whole damn thing  pushed down the lane, huh? Completely gone,  value. People get very upset, huh?  have done PhD.  have told  there   whole new thing  gone. You' run away, huh?  don' want  hear this. Are they? You' such  intelligent man. You don' even want  hear, and you want  run away? What  gratefuler you are. You are afraid  hear also. Here  are not challenging others.  are challenging ourselves. '  peculiar about these princesses. See,  this production, doing process, you always trying  seek  solution, huh? You want  know what  , correct? And they tell you what  , huh? That  what all this production  about, huh? Doing. What   you' searching?  when  say, about non-doing, again you ask the same question, what  ? Wrong question, huh? '  wrong question. ' because the paradigm itself  different. Then you get disturbed because   not,  answer  there, huh?  the doing paradigm, there   answer  this. You want  know the answer and apply , huh? And get somewhere. Disturbing, ? See, when  teach  responsibility class, because  myself was going through  initial understanding before. When  used  teach, people,  they had guns, they would shoot , huh?  the classroom. Even now  happens  every classroom, but because there are  many classrooms going , they know that probably they are wrong, not the teacher, okay? But when  started,  was only one telling.   anybody shot  also, nobody would bother about , huh? Because the whole way  was  the other side, huh?  remember, first time  trained some teachers, sent them out,  did not know what  required  teach this, you see? Initially, they can' just play  tape and  will  alright, but give them the tape,   told them, okay guys, you  and teach. They went  the classroom, these are all people who got masters degrees  engineering, and ' train them, and send them with  tape  the classroom. Then the fighting starts  the classroom, and the teacher cannot answer the questions that these people are asking. And  starts, instead  the students crying, the teacher starts crying  the classroom. And then the students call  and say, sir, you sent this teacher,  started crying, you please come.  think the lesson  there, but this one  not able  communicate, because   only going  intellect. Intellectually,   very difficult  prove this point, huh?    paradox, you cannot prove. See,  you people were not given some experience  non-doing,   least 15 minutes, you wouldn' have believed that   possible   like that for three days. Correct? See, the shift  not  intellectual understanding, because intellect can never understand. This totality, you know,   totality, you know.   responsible for everything,   totality.   responsible for this,  can understand.   responsible for that,  can understand.   responsible for everything,  beyond the intellect.  its very definition, intellect defines, huh? And how  you define something that  everywhere, huh? That  everything. This  possible only  surrender, you know? When you surrender, and you light dance upon your own. Which  not available until you surrender. Yeah, whatever you are doing  meditation, you surrender. You are  more quarreling, huh? Correct? What you are doing  meditation? You are surrendering. Not surrender  something,   somebody. Again, this problem will come  whom? You are not surrendering  Christ, you are not surrendering  Krishna. Those are not the issues, sir. You yourself get into  state  surrendering. One  asserting another one  surrendering, okay? One  asking for rights, sir. Another one  giving all  yourself, huh? One  taking another one  giving. See, indiscipline   state  total surrender, huh? Total surrender. You don' worry when the food  going  come, huh? You don' worry when anything  going  come. You simply, simply you are given yourself, okay?  God wants   live,  will live.  God does not want   live,  doesn' really hurt. You see,   using the word God,      person because the most  you understand that way only. Actually, there   God there.   only surrender and drink  there, okay?  surrender, you know? You become gradually beginning  see the godliness.  long  you are  this assertive state, you only see the value  things,   per times  your reinforcement  your ego. And everything  yours, sir. Then they are valuable, not because they are useful, okay? They are valuable because they are divine.  person who starts  the ego, you only think  value  him, correct? See, when every one  yours,  discipline  required. Your mother does not ask, huh?  should  disciplined,  should get . When the child gets ,  must get . You have  tell yourself, huh?   natural,  effort  our part, when the child cries immediately she gets . Now,   very natural, man. There   discipline required, huh? Nobody has  teach her that you please get , huh? You must get . You should get . See, you will just get . And everyone  yours, sir. And everything  yours. Then you will naturally  whatever  required   done automatically, huh?  doesn' require discipline. World works beautifully  that state. This  called automatic organization, huh? And organization shifting into organism, where things happen automatically.