See  was unable  get   two  three  four 'clock because that itself discipline itself was  strain , that intention itself was  strain. When    totally relaxed,   require sleep?  may require sleep but    little, okay? When   distressed, then  want  rest more. But many people are  distressed they cannot sleep. One  the first things, one  the greatest gifts that God can give you    able  sleep whenever you want.  least that you must  able  . See  don' have enough number  days here  train you  little bit further, you say, hmm?  you are with  for about ten days, you can give you  super training into this state  being because  requires more experience, more deeper experience, then you will  able  understand many  the things. Usually  have  few programs called MC2, come for ten days. There you  into totally indiscipline.  call  avadhova saadana.  you are not able  just surrender, okay? Very difficult now, very scared, huh? What   doesn' come tomorrow? What   doesn' happen, huh? Then you are not  surrender,   very difficult. See many companies,  , the bosses tell , the owners and the bosses, they tell their employees, you know? See how you must work here,   this  your company, you must work, correct? They tell them, preach them, how? You  the work here,   this  your own, correct? They want them  surrender themselves today,  the boss, huh? And look upon this  their own company and  everything, correct? They think the manager  such  superior human being, huh? That all the workers were simply surrendered  him, huh? And everything will  alright, correct? Don' you think ? Every manager expects, huh? They imply   simply surrender  him, come day and night, weekends   weekends, surrender, come, huh? And you have great,  come surrender,  will look after you, huh? Not  will look after you, come and surrender,   the manager, you are the employee here, and you better give all  yourself  , correct? What about the attitude  the manager? Capitalism, his attitude  capitalism, but  want the employees   communist, very fantastic, huh?   doesn' come,  will get somebody else, don' worry, huh? That  the attitude  the manager, but  wants the employees  look upon this  his own company, huh? Who should learn  treat home first? The employee should  expected  surrender  the manager,  the manager must surrender  the employees, which one  logical?  you are somebody higher, who should you? Correct, you treat them  your family and why they will not  , huh? Isn' ? Instead  preaching, the employee , okay? You better preach yourself. This  why, you know, whenever there are  many companies now  India,  have gone under  lot  work,  this company, BEML, ' very close  Bangalore, '  very big company, there are about 9,000 employees  this place. Yeah, the manufacturer are removing equipment,   about 30-40 miles from Bangalore.  this place, 600 employees have done SSY, 600  them.  very low positions, they are not high position employees, low position employees. Seeing the changes  these people, the labor union, they have got their whole office, you know, labor union has got  office.  the labor union provided  SSY three rooms  that they can conduct the classes also. Not the management providing this, huh? Remember,   the labor union which  providing place for class. And when  went  this place,  you want  back, ' asking,    that place, very strange thing happened there. See,   going  this factory, they put    their guest house, and all the big managers have come. And you know who invited all the managers  come? The employees. And what was the topic? Inspiration and leadership  management. You understand? Who invited? The employee  invited the management  come and learn something about management. Isn' that fantastic? And  very strange thing happened there. This  not the strange thing. The strange thing that happened was, then only  came  realize that these guys who are organizing this meeting,   not the management,   not the labor union, you know.   the labor union organizing. And they were  indicted  the labor union for having given them the place. And they are  indicted  the management for having provided all these facilities. They announced something very strange,   and sit there. And one  these labor,  stands , invites the audience. And  says, now  require,  request the managing director, like the president, you know. The president  BML,  please come   the stage. Fine,  comes . And they say, now Guruji will garland the president. Just  this, happen. Now Guruji will garland the president.  was totally astonished there.  God, these guys have invited   this company. And who   garland home? You understand? Fantastic, ?  said,   God, why   garlanding? Because these fellows have taken the trouble  come  this meeting.   the request  the labor. That  why  are, Guruji  garlanding. Fantastic, ? Then  call that man, sir, come here. Who   garland home,  asked him, huh?  could not understand. Coming, reverse, huh?   very fantastic, this  what SSL has done. You must  proud  these guys, you know? Isn'  fantastic that the labor   concerned about mismanagement, huh? That they call all the general managers, huh? The executive directors, everyone, and say, please come. Learn  little bit about management, huh? Guruji has come  teach you something. And  thank you for having come. Then all these managers, they stood  and said,  are ashamed there. Our labor  doing 100 times better than , huh? And  have not taken this training and  have not been serving, huh?  have seen  many changes  these people, and  are very proud  these people, you know? See,   not about, you see, usually the shares, comes from the people who have done the course. They share  the rest  the people. That  usually what happens, correct?  BML,   totally reverse, huh? People who have not taken the course, they are sharing what they have seen  these people, huh? And why  have come  because  are  happy with the way they operate now, you know?  have  problem with the departments,  have  problem with the labor union, huh? These people  created something fantastic. What  you think? Who should  the managers? Huh? These people who have done SSY, they should  the managers, and those guys must work   them, correct? Very strange, ? Have you ever heard   story like this?  will show you the video tape, huh? This happening. See,  have  learn Saranthofal Ness, huh? That  what makes  great manager, huh? You know. See, ideally speaking, these people have more responsibility.  the management, correct? , according  your discipline process, okay? According  discipline process,   the managers who must invite them  attend, and give pass  resolution. Management has made this resolution, everybody must  present, correct? What  that? That  called bulldozing leadership, huh? Disciplining leadership. What did these people ? ' called inspiration leadership, huh? These people  their very presence,  their very state  being, they have inspired them  come and attend, okay? And they thank them  top   for having come. Tatthi  working very well now, because  the teachings  discipline  indiscipline. What? What? What the managers are very efficient, and send that? That' just managers. They invited everyone, they invited everybody. What ' telling , see, what   that has happened  them? They have received the training and surrender fullness, huh? Out  that, they became very wonderful human beings, huh?   not just the meeting arrangement, Baba. What has happened? What did they receive? Because most  you will view  again from this point  view only, huh? That' your habit, ? You want  represent  that way, huh? One thing fantastic about the last, very great quality. See, when you see  flower from  distance, you cannot make out whether   plastic  not. And you get such  doubt, you come very close   and you touch , even then you are doubtful, okay? And then you find out, actually, whether there  water  not, huh? Then you  down and touch . They may even create water,  tell you, huh? But usually,  take trouble because your tea empty,  gets dirty, huh? For the only real test, you really  and check whether there  really some moisture  not, huh?  went  Disneyland and there was this beautiful shop, huh? They make whatever bakery. And  saw the actual, you know, things, the actual buns and bread and muffins and everything  saw. And then  come  the window. There  exactly the same thing, same thing, but exactly same. And  looked   and looked   and looked  .  could not really decide whether  was real  not real. Then  dawned , this  just plastic.  fantastic. America   great test,  tell you, huh? They make sure that  appears   the real thing when   not real, huh? That  called Maya. Maya , huh? Making something appear which  not real, huh? Experts. For this,  have had  solve , huh?  much capable  imitating nature, huh? Except they are unable  put  the prana  that final thing into , huh? That spirit  not there. Material  perfect, huh? Correct? Material  -and-usted, only the spirit  missing.  requires great discipline, ?  imitate nature, huh?  exactly imitate,  requires great discipline, huh? But there  one thing  nature which really makes  nature, huh?   spontaneity, huh? Spontaneity, something. Spirit. The ability  violate the law, huh,  what  that spirit, huh? Isn' ? What  the spirit? The ability  violate the law.   not simply repetition  the same thing, you know? There  some spontaneity added  , huh?  just gives  example. There   beautiful fountain, huh? Then there   wild stream flowing nearby, okay? Which one you can watch for hours together? Correct. Naturally, you   the sea, huh? How long you can see those waves? Will you get bold?  never seen anybody getting bold, ' seen the waves  the sea, huh? Maybe God has produced some people who are bold with  also, but, yeah, something very fantastic. Because there   spontaneity  , huh? Production can repeat exactly the same thing, okay? The nature  spontaneous. That  indiscipline.   indiscipline which  life, huh? Discipline  simply production. What   saint? See, the Vatican goes and approves that this person   saint and this one  not saint, huh? How  they  , you know? What can  hold  ? How  you know? That' him but  saint, huh?  Vatican approves, okay? Some miracles must have happened around them, huh? Which has been validated, correct? For  saint  become  saint, some miracles must have happened around them, which has been validated. See,  saint Francis Xavier,  have got his body  Goa.  have got still this body  Goa.  died 700 years back, huh? Some day around 1500, , okay? 1500.  long time back. That man died  one  the islands  China. And they wanted  bring the body.  the person  wanted  preserve the body,  put salt. When  was supposed  have died,  put salt. And they know lime.  buried him  lime.   doesn' disintegrate, huh? And, yeah, after  many months, when the ship came, they removed this.  that, you know, they removed the lime  that they can take out this body. When they removed the lime, they see that the body has not deteriorated. Has not changed  all. You can    other bodies, huh? You put them  lime.  will all disintegrate. His body did not disintegrate. Not only  did not disintegrate, then, after they have removed the lime,  has not disintegrated for the last 700 years.   not any special mummified body, nothing, huh?  few years back, they were allowing people   and  frustrations  this. One  the women, she bit the toe. Not blackkin, bloody not come. And you see, she could bite  and remove . You mean  say, after 700 years, huh? You put  body, huh? Not 500 years, huh? Put  body and somebody can crack  like this. What would  left?  would  nothing left, huh? Fantastic, ? Some miracle has happened, huh? Which cannot  explained  normal means. When that  validated, then they can' recognize that sign. What has happened?  sign has created something that  out  the order, huh? Out  order.   not within order,   out  order, huh?   indiscipline, okay? Here, stress-past dose, boundaries.  sign  one who  losing indiscipline, huh?  doesn'   the standards  the things the way they are. Always miracles, you know? Miracles happen not around God, because God  always there. Everything   miracle, correct? You don' call the light coming   miracle  the tree growing   miracle, huh? See  becoming  tree into something great, because   happening all the time  have accepted this  order.  don' call   miracle. When does  become  miracle? When you put  apple seed, huh? Yeah, lemon tree comes , huh? Then you call this  something miracle. Correct, let' try . , what  the sign? What  the degree  attainment, you know? How much you can violate the law, huh? And get away with , that shows you have freedom level  the world, huh? Correct?  want   disciplined,  mean disciplined.  the book,    fantastic thing,    disciplined concepts. But  you try  get there, what will happen? Huh? Correct. ' very difficult, don' try  get there.  happens spontaneously, naturally, out  your son--pullness. See, all the teachers teach you how  operate within the paradigm  order, huh? What  order? You know,  the teacher physics, the teacher, what   law? And how things operate within the law, okay? And then you learn  operate within that law. That   the best science and technology, correct? What does  guru does? Correct. You will take you  discipline, huh? Take you  beyond,  order into creation  new order. That  called moxa, freedom. How does  happen?  are surrender, huh? What   saint? You mean  say   trying  produce something? Well,   simply learned  surrender, surrender, huh? Things beautifully happen.  you,  love  the criterion, not simply production, okay? Then you will not produce things that are not useful. Production for production sick, okay?  will produce all these apples which are coated with wax, huh? They know you are supplying wax, but  looks good, huh? You cheat the people, they will buy  and eat . They will get   wax. Most  the food  the world  destroyed because  the interest  the seller.   was  loving person,  will not sell , huh?   only interested  production. Make  look  though this  good, correct?