 this concept  disciplining yourself, part three,  Guruji Sri Rishi Prabhaka. That  why the focus must   surrender for let' not  production. Production will happen, but let  not  our first step. When  are all lovingly together, you think  will not produce any food here.  will not eat,  will not cook,  will not eat. Correct.  will naturally  .  will  enjoying cooking. Correct. But when   about producing, you know, the best retreat, you know, the food will  served exactly  time. And this will  the quality  the food that will  served. And absolutely like this, takata, takata, takata, how? What  you think? The person who  cooking?  will  job done. Correct.   getting  job done. This  the problem with production orientation. The other orientation,  will have orientation. Production will happen  not happen. Will   more beautiful? Even  the food  not  good, okay? Let  say, will the people enjoy ? The enjoyment  the food  not important.   the love that comes with ,  what  being eaten, correct? When there  love, food becomes unimportant. When there  lack  love, you can give them the best dessert, how? The best food, the filler still completes. , our trainings are  produce surrender fullness, not arrogance, huh? Not demanding,  rights, madhā, madhā, huh? When you come  your guru, you give  your rights, sir.  least , huh? Understand why  are doing certain meditations here. When you  the Soha meditation, '  very simple process. Why you are doing ?  that all the mind, paddha paddha paddha, that  happening. You will not attend  . Normally, you give  much importance  the paddha paddha paddha, and get  much disturbed, huh? Now for  least three days,  don' attend  the paddha paddha paddha, okay?  will die  itself.  will take some time.  will not die  half  hour, not  one hour, huh?  meditation, when you sit under very ideal conditions, you are sitting. You are very hungry, huh? The body  able  easily get into the restful state.  that, you can  fifteen minutes, very nice meditation. But here, even with eating, you must not  feeling bad, bad, bad, bad, huh? What  you ? Don' attend  . For three days,  good  two, all  your previous things that you are being carrying, simply  good  two, and simply  with yourself automatically, the shift will take place. You see, like this, you see, when you are disturbed, please  not take any decisions.  not  anything. When you are disturbed, don'  anything. Don' take big, big decisions and get into more problem. First, get  your stage where you are not disturbed. Then take your decision, correct? That  right. That  right. Most  you, you don' get this facility very easily, but   good  have. Lot  aims  going ,  that you can join them very easily, correct? Very easy. You will come   AMC  least once  two months. Within one year, you will   very, very different person. Just like going  meditation three times, you  this once  two months. Any more?  never take any decision when   disturbed. First you  into silence, just  with . Just let , let , let , let , let . Until you are totally relaxed. And you know, nobody  sitting anywhere ahead. You   again, again, again, again. And you are not disturbed. You know, not  people sit, you are supervisor, your wife, your girlfriend. People will  sitting  your head and going , but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but. They are perfectly happy. They are really you who   trouble, because inside you, the issue  sitting and going . And who has invited this person? You are somewhere. You have invited and they have taken the place, probably inside.