GNP, more  the thing developed, correct? Not just the general national product, per person, what  the general national? What  the production per person? Per person, what  the production? That  what they measure, correct? What are some other measures  progress? Kilowatt hours  energy consumed, correct  not?  another measure  progress? More energy means more progress, correct? More progress, and next number  bathrooms per person, most important criterion, correct  not? That  one great measure  progress   country, this one. You see, Bippin,  was also like you,  was also fooled for  long, huh? See, until  1991  realized something suddenly, huh? Ever since then  power has gone ,  ability, huh? ' kind  tremendously. Because  was living   life which was not visible, huh?   also  engineer, not  headless fellow, huh?  know what  going .  have traveled much, much more than you.  meet with all kinds  people, huh? Very important people, -called people who can change the world, but you should know, because most   have put our eggs  the wrong basket, that' why, okay? But   telling, learn  live  the forest first, okay? And then you have your degrees, ...  cars,  doesn' matter  , okay? First, learn  live this way, first. Next, what  the measure  progress, huh? How many cars you have per person? Correct? More number  cars means per person, greater  your country, huh? These are all measures, American measures impose  the rest  the countries. Another one,  the kilometers  highway available. Number  highways you have, huh? Hundreds  kilometers, thousands  miles highway, huh? Measure  progress   country. These are called infrastructure facilities, huh? Number  telephone you have per person. These are other measures, progress, correct? Very nice. And all you have,  talked about that. Okay.  was your,  talked about how saving time, saving time,  that you build big, big roads  that you can rapidly transit, correct? Correct? Saving time, correct? Let  ask, you know, some  the smaller towns are there, bigger towns are there, okay? What  the average time spent  traveling per day today, huh?   place like San Francisco, what  the average time that  person spends  traveling  work and coming back? How much? Two hours, okay. What about Los Angeles? About five hours, one, two and  half hours going, two and  half hours coming. You see, huh? Four  least. Four  least, correct? Now, let  examine their life, okay?  person,  know actually these persons, actually  know these persons, huh? You see, the farther the greater you are, the more important you are, the more  you are, huh? Where you have  live? Correct. And where you would come  work? Stascity.  the more  you are, the further  you are, correct?  how much time this person  spending? Two and  half hours  day, two hours  year, correct? Now, for two hours, what  this man doing?  examine that also. What   doing? Watching the landmark. Correct. Correct  not? Two hours watching the landmark. And what  the atmosphere around him? Concrete jungle with the exhaust  the next car coming into your mouth, huh? Into your nose, correct?  many cars now,  what you are getting? Exhaust  the next car. Many days,  was there  Los Angeles. You cannot see more than 200 feet  front  you. Correct  not? And  Los Angeles, even you look . What kind  sky you see? Not gray, red. See,  all the other places you see  little gray.  Los Angeles,  you get down  that Ontario airport, you look   summer. You know,  came  summer. Suppose  look , sky  red. Not red, red dish. Correct?   not gray,   red dish. Gray used    one time. Now   red dish. Everybody, you know,  soon  you open the doors  the airport aircraft, you smell something very, very punctual. , layer, everybody  breathing that only. Fantastic, you know? Great country, great place  Los Angeles, huh? Everybody would like  stay, huh?  Hollywood. Everything  there. What are they doing? Inhaling the next car. Exhaust  the next car. You think this fellow  healthy? Hmm? Fantastic, you know? Great fellow . Production. Orientation . GNP. Orientation . Number  cars.  this progress?  this man were  walk one mile  his place  work  the forest, would   better off? What  you think? Would   better off  not? Would  really enjoy his walk? Here, even  the mountain  there besides, what are you seeing? , lane marker, bava, not cars. Lane marker, that  your guard. See, ' getting you, parenting, you know. She goes, most  you travel, you never are able  observe. What  the scenery  you  through?   possible? Dangerous, sir.  you put your fine land, then suddenly you get absorbed, you have finished. You better watch that lane marker, that  your life and death. True  not? See,  ' wrong, you tell  also. Don' say, don' say,  doesn' matter, all your  are going down.  doesn' matter. But see the thing.  may upset you because you have put your serving   wrong basket. , what will  the health  these people? What  the other president Clinton' problem?  came  presidency with some agenda. What  the agenda? You' going  improve the health system, huh? Done ?  doubt,   cutting left and right because there  nothing, right? These doctors were  rich. Now they say, Baba,  don' have something food  eat. Please, hands  money. Very better, see. ' sitting   minute. You know how many doctors are bankrupt? Bankrupt. Really? Down, down, down, down, down. Ask her. How many doctors? Many doctors have gone bankrupt. You know what they did? They took lot  loans, sir, because they had some money  , they bought real estate. And all those real estate went  Buzurkar. All these people are finished. They cannot pay. They cannot pay the mortgage, sir. Empty houses, sir. Nobody wants  take the millen. , everyone who made these investments, they are all  deep trouble, they have declared bankrupt. Good. Yes, also, the money  not that easy. They take care  the industry. Correct, correct.  the point, Baba,  don' have. Hand  mouth  become difficult. Anyway, that apart. What  the health   person who  traveling like this? See,  you are suddenly restrained within  eight-feet zone, and asked  drive, drive  60 miles, you see. And you are restrained  this six-feet  eight-feet zone. Continuously, you are pushed    traveling  this eight-feet zone for four hours every day. What will happen  you? You will certainly get black pleasure. All kinds  mental problems will start. Definitely,  will start. Because space  when what  most important, you know, ether provides the highest amount  product. Space gives you the best product. According  this, ether, air, fire, water and then earth. These are the five elements. The most solid  them  earth. Then  becomes more and more fluid.   gets more fluid,  becomes more and more important. You can  without food for quite some time, correct? Even for forty days, correct? Without water? Without air? Correct. This  the thing. And  you feel very restrained, very, very restrained,  person will commit suicide. Ether, you know, the feeling  expansion  the most wonderful thing.  you feel restrained, ether, the ether aspect, space aspect  gone. Man will die. commit suicide.  what has happened? Even though  appears like, , you are free country, free country, what has happened? You have put yourself into eight-feet zone. Driving, driving, driving, what will happen?  least  you are  prison, you don' have  drive. You are such standing. You are, you have  drive.  health will  down dramatically. And then you think technology will improve, huh?  you invent all these kinds. And where  all the money going? What  the percentage  money,  the government revenues going into health care? How much? 50%. The estimate that  will become,   increasing. There   limit  this. Until recently  was 50%.   not know what  the percentage now. Huh? , the last time  heard 93 and 94,  was about around 50%. Now  must ,  must  about the same because they have  chop off many things.  which place would  more developed? Huh?  person who  walking  work   person who travels for two hours  car. Which  development? Huh? Who would  healthy? Really think about . Definitely . See  this fella has  travel for two hours, huh? Two  and  half hours. Eight 'clock  the time. What time  has  wake ? Right? ' what time  comes back from work. Four fellow, huh? Six? Two and  half hours  has  average, two  two and  half hours. How  will come back? Very fantastic. Really? You know  have one person. She was spending  much time that she was going  work for two hours. She was spending  much time that she would sleep overnight  the hospital itself. But normally people travel like this.   just want you  examine, okay? Quality  life has  improved  decreased? Now, see nobody has challenged America, you know? ' the only one who  challenging America. Probably they are challenging but they are not  vocal about . Five percent  the population  the wild are,   producing more than 25 percent  the carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. Want  more carbon dioxide? More consumption  petroleum? Hmm? Want? What  you think? Edward was telling , they want  produce solar cars  polluting, okay? But  you examine what  the pollution  the consumption that has already been done  produce this car?  far exceeds, huh?  reductions.    very good guru  far  hearts information about these things are concerned. See, Edward   very special person also.   not  dud-dud. Have you seen the safecraft nowadays?  the end  the tip, huh? There   horizontal, there   vertical, erofoil. You have seen?  the new aircraft that has been built , there   wings  the tip, there   vertical one that has been placed. '  very recent one. ' not there.  you know who invented that one? Edward.    very fantastic erootical engineer, huh?  was the first paper  this direction which made this thing possible.  produces, increases the efficiency  5%. You want more production, more cars  the world. What  you think, Prabhu? Less  more? Less. Which  more advanced, you know?  country that uses less gasoline  the one that uses more gasoline per person. Which one  advanced? Correct. Kilawa does  lot  energy. The one who uses more  less. Less. Correct. You understand? Development has nothing   with products, huh?   call  your life?  this quality really any higher? Please examine. ' not telling, see ' not against technology and progress.   only wondering about the measures, huh?  you measure   that yachts take, then you push everybody   into that same race, ? Everybody  racing for . You want  know, see how the people can  healthy, huh?  simply  health measured  number  hospitals? Number  hospitals? Which one   better measure? Less  number  hospitals are more number  hospitals, huh? Less  number  hospitals, correct? Less  means, yeah, you know per person you have got  many hospitals, huh? What does  mean? People going  doctors again and again, huh? Any sign? Going  lawyers, huh? Lawyers, any sign  progress? More  less, you have got  bad feeling? Avert, more disputes. More number  cases  the courts, huh? Means what? Yeah, all shows decreased rate. See why  was ,  mean ' very attached  Canada because when  first went there, 1968   student, the greatest thing  admired  that country, huh? One great thing  admired  that country, not all these ties, you know, these cars, this one, that one. That was not the most important thing  . The greatest thing was that you could leave your doors open.  house was locked, not necessary  wait  1968. Keep the doors open. You could leave the money. Nobody touched. Bicycles, outside, huh? Cars,  locks. You know, these, because  was very cold, you wanted  keep the heat around when you went for shopping, huh? You did not want the car  cool down,  what did  was? They kept the key inside and the engine was running  provide the heat, '  utter cold, ? And the car was running with the keys inside. Anybody can just  , change the gear and walk off, okay? All the cars were left like that,  body was touching them.  said, this   divine country.  can very, attack  , you know? Once you see, people are  fantastic, huh?  honest. Why   possible? Because people really cared for each other, huh? The discrepancy between the poor man and the rich man was  little, huh? That nobody ever wanted  take anything, you know? Because everybody almost had whatever they wanted. There was  real equal distribution, you know? There was  animosity between the havin' and the havin' arts. Very fantastic. Now  come, they are locked  the car, huh? And then they are locked  the steering wheel. And then  that lock  the steering wheel, they are another lock. What  you think?  this progress? Fantastic, you know? This number  guns, any sign  progress? Security systems  every house.  was just joking. And then  the night,  you forget, and then   the bathroom, because you want  urgently   the bathroom, and you forget  switch off that system, huh? The whole neighborhood will come  see you  the bathroom. Progress. See, you need like this. The more  worry towards  production, production, huh? Lessor and lesser and loud. The havin' and the havin' arts become very, very vast. The difference becomes  big. Every country, ' not talking  one  the other, okay? Everything. But more dominantly,  this country than other countries. ' only  matter  degree, not everybody has the... Progressing  the same depth. But some people are progressing very fast, and they are  the head  the race, huh? ,   this development. What  happening? People are afraid  get out  the road.  least when you didn' have all these guns and these things,  was very difficult  kill  person,   was somewhat safe    the road, you know? , what    development  the reverse. And how little you are able ... And how little resources consumption you are able  live, correct? And how few are cards you are able  live? Manage your affairs. ,  you consider  that standard, you understand?  that the real one? Think  not? Plus, there  one element called happiness. Happiness  what    measured, huh?  the persons, the quality   life, happiness  the person    measured, not the material goods.  the person  happy,  the person  happy  just  very little amount  food, huh? Very little amount  energy.   happy, easy, progressed  not.  that development?   able   happy  very little consumption. Soon that way, where  should  heading? Correct?  this standard, let    Sanjya Sai  India, okay? Who has nothing? His idea  that  must not possess anything, okay?  must just live  minimum, whatever that  given. And not burden the people simply, use minimum amount, whatever that , God' guise. And his whole idea  that  must  happy, being with God, whatever  have, huh? Whatever God gives .   developed?   the highest developed person  the world? Correct, ?   the highest developed person  the world. All these production, production, production  all  own. You learn  live  the least, huh? And  happy. And   happy, not because  goods, because  your own inner happiness which cannot  taken away. That  the only real wealth. Correct?   this standard, which  the most advanced country  the world then? The poorest countries are they? Supposedly. The poorest countries are they? Most advanced countries. And America ? Poorest country? Correct. That  why  say this  the poorest country  the world. Most undeveloped country  the world.