disciplining yourself, part four  Guruji Sri Rishi Prabhaka.  disciplining yourself, part four  Guruji Sri Rishi Prabhaka.  disciplining yourself, part four  Guruji Sri Prabhaka.  disciplining yourself, part four  Guruji Sri Prabhaka. Unless you fuel this,   not .   really interesting.  just watch certain things.  you know  America, because  the way that  has been set , long order, you call  correct, long order. Because  your focus, long order enforcement, which  not really sensitive, you have created unemployment. Unemployment. You come    India, okay?  will take you. ' very interesting. You know where are the greatest job opportunities there? India has the greatest job opportunities. There   person unemployed  India unless  doesn' want  work.  face tremendous,  persons are available. For the prices  pay, people are finding better jobs, you see. And jobs are plenty. Plenty means plenty. You can get jobs anytime. Food and shelter,  problem. Last time  was  Phoenix, Los Angeles,  were doing  course.   hundred dollars  come. You know, nothing, these programs,  are not taking anything.   only mostly the cost  paying these people,   movie rent this, actually you should pay  hundred times more. You don' understand, , because our philosophy  different. And the take- philosophy  different. This man,  wanted ,    engineer,  environmental engineer.  lost his job. And  wanted  come  the retreat, very dedicated man.  said, Guruji,  don' want  tell you, but  don' have hundred dollars  come  this program. Right,  why you cannot get anything?  said, not even dishwashing jobs are available. Not that this man, not unwilling  . Even   was willing   whatever, okay,  was not available. Because  these rates,  five dollar six dollars, that  minimum wages, nobody  willing  have this level.  cannot get  job. Even    willing  scrub the floor, , nobody  willing  give  job.  felt very sorry for this man.  told him, why you are living  this poor country, come  India,  will give you  job.  India,  somebody cannot come for this training, you know,  problem  all.  have somebody  the other who says,  will pay for , don' worry, please come. Nobody  denied, nobody  denied because they don' have money, you ask him. You ask him also, poor country this . People cannot even get hundred dollars  come for inner silvers, developing their inner happiness. They don' have money, correct? You ask everybody,   very comfortable with three days, sir.  costs three hundred dollars  two hundred dollars, sir. Baba,  don' have  much money, isn'  true? You are poor people,  tell you. Three days you cannot  and  poor people.  India, there   such person. Which country  poor? Isn'  poverty? You may get very upset, what can  ? Two back. And first you don' have money, this  one more thing, second one. You ask them about time,  time, don' have time, you don' have money, you don' have time. What  you have,   asking. You say time  money, correct?  money,  time, then what else  you have? Are you poor  not?  every way, poor, . Every way, undeveloped, huh? Which  the undeveloped country, which  the developed country, Baba, please alter the statements, huh?  call America the most underdeveloped country  the world.  have started this already, huh? These people, Americans call all the other people  underdeveloped, huh? They don' know. What  development?  have got the right  call  not. How  regard the right, not only right, common sense, which  the most underdeveloped country? Correct. Even  President Clinton were  sit here,  will convince him, huh?   understands. You think, once  got , then only our leader follower thing became valid. Until the leader follower, then there was  problem, you know? Until  got this, once  got this, then  has started now. Now, the university   India recognition. SSY  the most important management training program. Until  could give this whole package, you know? Because people thought only production production  great, correct? Once they realized this, production  not , then. Development  inner happiness  . And  manager can  developed, who  not actually experiencing his own fullness, huh?  doesn',  trusts.  looks after the people  his own children, huh? Then they will automatically respond. Now, very, very important institutions  India has begun  implement SSY. They also had problem because their concept was only carotene stick policy, huh? All Harvard management was taken  India. Now ' dismantling one  one brick  brick, going away. And some people, some professors who cite, they have put  now into effect. Please  over .  the symbiosis. Where  that one now? Aha! The most, these are all the dangers  not being able  see properly. Because  everybody  chasing GNP, everybody  chasing kilowatt hours consumption, huh? What will happen? You have  treat the world, Baba, Reduces, that  Pogas.   doing  wonderful job for you  not?    and teach everybody  the world, this  the progress, sir.   good for you  should  say,  , more and more, kilowatt, huh? Which one you want? What  you want   teach the people, huh? Reduction, not production. And development  inner happiness, not external, don' focus  external production. See,  doesn' mean technology will disappear. Only those that are really needed, huh?  will  used  the most minimum. See, most  the Indians who have come here, they have never received Indian knowledge. They have only received  Harvard knowledge, MIT knowledge. They have not received Indian knowledge. That  not their problem also,  tell you. Because there were  SSY  give   them. When they were children, there was  SSY. There was  way that they learned how  grow. This  Indian knowledge. SSY  the foundation  Indian knowledge. How  grow  bit?  intelligence has not decreased with meditation.  has increased, huh?   not  duller  fellow. Probably   one  the most brilliant persons  the world, huh?  you were  put   scale, top point, 0.001 percent, huh? Developed Sannyas, developed simplicity, developed love, not production. Production will happen automatically,  will happen. When what needs  get produced will get produced. And lovingly produced, happily produced. Yeah. Even after all  this, you are still confused. Actually  gets worse  the world. Because you think only production will get you. That   problem. Correct.   easy  say that all   should live like . And they should  less  God, they should live like . But most    think that our heart and the human are all proud and living  the right hand. See,   not, see right now   not asking you   directly  the jungle. For     the jungle later, stay  12, 15 years, sadhana. Now   able  live  the jungle.  the sense that  really can  very happy living there. And  don' require this and  minimum requirement for  survival. Unhappiness, not just survival, unhappiness. And  you have  progress slowly from where you are. But you must know the direction. Right now you think becoming millionaire, having more cars, having more this, this, this has become the general tendency.  least you should shift  say  road was like this, now  road  like this. Not that you will attain the end  this road, immediately.  least you are turned around, that  all  want. , wherever you are, you have turned around, that  good enough.  least you are not going into more and more depth  long sets. Correct.  initially when SSY teachers come, they are coming   car. They give   bill for having come. Satsang,  came, car bill, Haribah, and Asti. You invited , now here   car bill. Really, one time  happened,  had fantastic eyes. Then they realize that car  not required,  scooter  enough, you know,  2-wheeler  enough. Then they realize that  cycle  enough, bicycle. Then they realize that walking  enough. Then they realize that even walking  not required, you see anywhere, things will work. Nandiji didn' have   anywhere, wherever   sent. The whole world came  him, well, attended  Asti. Simplicity  what  must all  them. Strength  Nandiji was simplicity.  don' see,  have only taken  your car, like  one day. From this one, that one, where  the end?  asked  honest question, there   problem. Because   here  answer that only.  will not happen  one day, two days, but direction,  must know. You should give priorities  grow  inner happiness undistuked. You are able  remain undistuked and  happy with everyone. That'  great thing. Give your priority  that. The more you give attention  production, you will definitely have  many problems.  many, and get out. All the problems  the family, all the production problems. You did not come  time. You are not doing   time. . Most  the problem  only production, production problem. See, unfortunately, when  put  some  these shares from many companies, their production has gone  fantastically.  appears  though the thing   for  production, because the production  going , you see. Production  going  because something else has altered underneath.  simply going for production will not give you this result. What appears  the surface  not what  the real basis. One thing about, one thing great about America, there are many things greater. One thing great about America, why you are still rich, you know, compared  other countries. But that can also  fierce, very fast and  can  down the drain. See, you may    wrong track,  doesn' matter. But whatever you feel  the truth, you are following . Whatever you see  the truth, you follow . That truth will automatically bring you back  wherever else that you have  .  dedicated  truth. You will  rich, you will  happy.  the degree  dedication  truth  very much higher here than  most other places. The willingness  listen  much more. Most other countries are dug  with tradition,  badly.  you say anything other than the tradition, you will  shot down immediately, finished. Thus countries will not progress. Isn' ? And they are even willing  experiment. Let  see,  this  the truth and  see this  the truth, let  experiment and see what happens. They are dead, they will jump  and see what happens. That  how the country  great. Wherever dedication  truth  there, that country will definitely rule the other countries. Not tradition. Correct. That  why   richer. Because you are able  listen. Something. See, richness need not  away just because you are dedicated  truth. Richness will increase  you understand this process  simplicity. Richness will increase. Not  for simplicity, for simplicity sake. That  foolishness. Going for production, for production sake  foolishness. You worry and yours have  generate love, harmony, peace within your self, happiness within your self. For  reason outside. That  called moxa. What  moxa? Moxa from material. Moxa means freedom and release from being caught   the material, from the external environment. When the external environment  not the cause for your happiness  sorrow, then you have released. That  what  this process  transcending, going  what . What you are doing gives you more and more  happiness  doing nothing independent  the environment. Happiness will grow but not  trying  grow happiness.  you try  grow,  will not grow. Simply, being with ,  think, will grow. More you are  non-doing, because  happiness becomes another production problem, then  will again die. Just . Now  will tell you how you can  very, very rich, very, very rich. Literally, actually rich, not simply thinking rich, actually rich. Feeling  the most important thing. Feeling rich  the most important thing. All the other richness are extra  . Isn' ?  you feel rich, that  what  important, whether you really are having  not  not important. People come and tell  that this  why the most fantastic thing that has come  the world. After they  through, they say, the most fantastic thing that has come  the world. Because  non-doing, you see? You are beginning  non-doing, that  why    fantastic. People didn' have  glimpse  that. Suddenly they start seeing some light. Very fantastic. See, such fantastic things are developed because you love everyone  much. You know, why did you    everybody? The whole thing has been designed  everybody can  rich and  happy. Production will happen. But beautiful production will happen when  have  non-doing. But before   into this richness  you can  guaranteed   rich. Very, very rich. Not  understand what  this richness.  you just simply see  the car sun,  won' rise.  will  again, deceived.  question was also, why not produce more and more? And  little doubt also. Why all  our ruchis are telling? Only one lesson less. And why not produce more and more?  until that point was not clear, our leader followed everything was not going fully full speed. Once  understood this production problem, then remarkable shift has happened. Now  are able    the universities  everywhere  change the method  teaching,  change what they teach. Now the question , our boy asked very nicely, given where  ,  cannot live  the father' job.  don' know how  live  that absolute state  austerity.  cannot   now. What should  ? ' very wonderful.  least now you have come  realize which  development and which  under development. Once you recognize, then you have done  very big thing already. And you will not  for more and more and more and more. Accumulation.  get  this point,  takes such  long time. Even after taking SSI, you cannot get this.  takes  eight hours  bring all these professors  your point, where they want  learn SSI. They want  learn   back.  now where you are, having understood this, now you turn back  least. Make yourself self-sufficient, unless, unless, unless, unless. Give  all your extra baggage. Give away unnecessary clothes. Matching this one, matching that one, this one, that one, yeah, leave one very few clothes. The more you  and buy, the more, has   produced. Share, give. Two more patience. Wait for another man, another few minutes,  that you can drink only one car, not two cars, huh? What  required  development  patience. Regarding little more patience, not  resources can  reduced. Use  resources can  increased, number  resources can  reduced. But this   wait  little longer, you know, few more minutes. You don' have such big houses, waste.    Ramesh house. There are only two people living  the house, and the third one   baby. There are three bathrooms. Three bathrooms. The house   big, that  India, 60 people would have occupied that place. Happily lived. Not unhappy. Happily, 60 people would have lived  that place. You know, our ashram certainly, that  more than  ashram, huh? Whatever amount they have,  can process 80 people every three, four days.  much facility.  much heating, huh?  many gadgets   with .  asked, see,  know all these elected ministers and these people, they come and . They are not worried about the country too much, because they are only interested  taking whatever they can within that time.  thought  least the bureaucrats would  more interested.   talked  the Chief Secretary  the Katharata government.  used    teacher  one time.  asked him,   the Chief Secretary,   the Chief, you know, bureaucrat  the state.  asked him, what  going  happen  Bangalore  the next six months, what will happen? Yes. What  can ? Anybody can build any factory, anybody can buy any car. What  are going  ?  are just waiting  see what will happen. All roads are already clogged , huh?  are just waiting  see what will happen.  are just waiting  see what will happen.  are just waiting  see what will happen.  are just waiting  see what will happen.  are just waiting  see what will happen.  are just waiting  see what will happen.  are just waiting  see what will happen.  are just waiting  see what will happen.  are just waiting  see what will happen.