What  can ? Anybody can build any factory, anybody can buy any car. What  are going  ?  are just waiting  see what will happen. All roads are already clogged .   telling what  have, any plans for changing the status.  are also wondering what  going  happen.  has not even  idea  what can  done also.   not even thinking about what can  done, okay? They say   all out  control. Nothing can  done.  just wait and see what happens. Very fantastic straight.   the same, with Delhi, same with Bombay.  was thinking similar thing  actually here also. Similar thing  happening because beyond that there   control. But five years back  would have said that there would  disaster here. But now when    see,  know disaster will not  here,  will  there. But you are not immune from that disaster. One disaster anywhere, the entire world will   the line.  natural cycle. But  long  you can consume, you will consume, correct?  long  there  food, any pest also.  long  there  food,  goes  multiplying. And when the food supply dies, they also die along with .   one thing for   understand and start changing our lives. And then slowly having  impact  the rest  the population. Many times   out  hand.   not very interesting  see   out  hand. But let  say even most  the cities like this they die. Whoever has remained, they will still start consuming more and more. They will not stop. Correct? Until there   oxygen. Come  with  ceiling  what carbon dioxide each country can produce.   does come , then what will happen? Till  comes  first. They may come . Then what will happen? You think America can  burning  much? Correct. You understand? Because there will   situation where all the countries will demand that. They will limit  carbon dioxide production.  that  brought forth, then what will happen  America? All  you have  stop, you know.  has  reduce there.  least, you can' stop. You can' stop.  has  reduce there.  least ten times, then what you are now producing. This gulf oil  available  cheaply, burning   whatever rate you want. And the whole world  based  burning that oil. The whole economy  the world are based  that energy that  coming from gulf. Isn' ? When you produce fertilizers for where   produced, all ingredients are this oil. When you produce  turbulent and you know nylon, the entire thing  the energy from this. Almost all energy that  are consuming  from there, correct? Excessive energy,  are burning    enormous rate. Can  stand? High standards  living, but what cost? Simply, you know, much much, you know. You know, too, too, too, too much. Increase production. Simply,   these villages and tell them and teach them. Baba, you are very happy, don' get anything more. Just learn  meditate, learn  live together  happiness and love. Don' increase the damn production. Don' you think?  shall give them new technology, more industries  villages. Shall  give more industries  villages? Who    this work? Should     not  ?  just ask yourself,  this important     not  ? Increase production. Say, worldwide problem,   not simply, huh? Not taking things away from you.  are looking     worldwide phenomenon. You think   serious enough  look  , huh? Who    ? Guruji will , huh?    big mouth.  will sit here and enjoy, huh? And  for production, huh? Great, San Francisco, you know, people from Stanford, MIT, ... sitting here, huh? Overproduction, overproduction. What use  all those ...? Basic things have   done. Hardware must think about what  management, huh? What    manipulated?  you are managing production and increasing , you are killing the world, huh? What    manipulated? Happiness  people  nothing    manipulated? Living  the least and living very happily. That  what used   manipulated. Don' you think? Whether    industry  whether    country, huh? Then  will not also produce people. That  one more thing, huh? ' not telling that what  happening  India  the best. That also  caused  only poverty. Powerity  caused  this production only. They are producing people. They are producing materials, huh? Consuming materials. Man,  the village,  says,  security depends  having more children, huh? You see, people who are pretty rich, they are not having children  India, ?   all the poor people who have got children. They produce  number  them. You know why? Every child,    able  look after them for five years,    income generating body for that person.  sends them  work, huh? Some person takes them  their house, but the child works correctly, and gives him 150 rupees  their father. They get   looked after  somebody. Only    producing machine. Everywhere   the same machine. , who  going   this?  the interesting thing? Are  need not ?  for production. They will tell you  increase production. They will say, All these stupid idiots will come, huh? And turn more screws, more things. Put the whole country  fire.  get  little upset with them, because they also don' know,  need not get upset with them. They are like children. They don' know  damn thing about economics  production  development. Two  not. They are believe that this  the best way   , and they are doing . Honestly, huh? They encourage every country also,  for production,  for production.  that degree, they are honest, huh? But they are stupid, because they are not part  what their consequences. You   Harvard professor, economics professor, ask him,  knows how  put the brake  the system. But now that  have discovered what the brake , okay?  are able  generate that also. Now   our, those who have the knowledge, they have   and give . ,  idea   increase , enough knowledge within you, that you will take this   commitment and start doing something about .  least  your own life, learn  live simply, and slowly transmit . Okay. Don' have any time  come here, but this  also required here, because you are the golper, huh? Big, big, golpers  energy  the world. Stop this, golping. Slow  down. Who will tell your president about this? Somebody has  , huh? Somebody has  start, huh?  have taken  upon myself. Let  start  least educating the people. What   that' happening?   arrogance    concern for everyone?  you understand? This  arrogance  concern?  sometimes you will have  punch and say, you know, listen very carefully.  have slowed down, thousands  people, huh?  doing SSY, start buying saris. Every saris means how much cost, huh? How much energy  the world? Unnecessary dress buying, huh? All fancy. Before  used  make one statement,  used  upset all the Indians, you know? Because almost  our classes, Indians used  art. Why used  tell them? And also  say now, all these Indians who have come here, they are all covered  ran from India.  the name  great opportunity, huh? Great this one, great that one. Now  are campaigning that our Indian Institute  Technologies, they used  pay 200 rupees fees, and the rest  the country  paying them, huh? For their studies, huh? All  them leave the country and get out. The best  the cream  getting out, huh? They told them, either let them pay the full fee, huh? And pay, others don' give them passports, you know,  get out. Let them . Why? They should pay the best institutions, huh? All the world' smallest village area  contributing  . And the whole world' kick-bel-country and get out. Blame the country  top  .  opportunity here, one  one  one, but how they got that opportunity  study, they don' understand.  told you,  told you,  took him out. Then  realized  have  cover. Then went back  build something. Now, some people want , because   difficult here, you cannot live like this. Now, they want   covered, sir. Leave America and   India. Another cover  . They say, ,  are all great people.  are sending the money home, huh? Such little trickle comes from this, huh? Nothing comes. Some percent told , ' wrong  say, you are not going   , you are not going   . You are not going   . You are not going   . You are not going   . You are not going   . Some percent told , you know,  are investing  India, you know, because  gives you higher percentage. That' all. You got some insight, knowledge, that' all. Not because  some great national further, because  gives you higher percentage. And one person wanted  take the credit,  what  happening  Bangalore, huh? You know, you have gone,   not, you know, you have gone. Then  told them that, you will eat what the villagers give.  are not going  pay you. You must eat what the villagers give you. And  they don' give you faster, until they give you, huh?  and serve  until they will realize , and they will give you.  and faster,  necessary. That  why you have done all these retreats, huh? Why you are doing retreats?  that you learn how   empty, huh? How you can faster and not  screaming.   send some children  these villages. Well, the village was asked, why you have come, what you are doing?  said, how Guruji has told   some seva  this village? That' why  have come. Where are you going  stay? Wherever you provide place,  will stay,  else  will stay under this tree. But you send your children  the village, and you will stay there. Under this tree, but you send your children,  will start teaching. Then the villagers got together, immediately. And then they gave them  room. Somebody had  room,  they said, you please stay here. And then they got together and they said, okay, these people have   given food.  one one day, one one family will feed them.  they fixed  about twenty houses, that  rotation they will feed them. You see,   had given them money   and serve  that village, then those people would  thinking, these people have  lot  money  come here and spend, huh?  gave them two pairs  clothes   and stay there. Now what will happen? The villagers have  look after them, ? And when will they look after? When these people are doing good work, they will look after them. When you offer  them something, which   rare commodity, like looking after children' education, giving them children' SSY program, cleaning  this village, planting trees. Then everybody will listen  you, because you are somebody who has come  serve. You have  other interest, because you are living  their food.  very soon,  will  able   many things, that could not  done  agencies who have been there for sixteen, twenty years. Because now this person  telling, all right, you have the strength yourself. Don' wait for the government   anything. Come , pick  your shovel, huh? Pick  your axe, let  create the road, huh? Don' have  wait for anybody. Before people are waiting for the government  come and create,  that person, that selfless person, huh? Who  living  the least, huh? Automatically becomes  inspiration for everybody  get together.  another village, they did not ask them the question. These people went, and for two days, they did not eat anything. Nobody gave them anything. Because they thought these people have got something, they have come  serve, let  see, huh? Then after two days, they asked where are you eating, because they found they were not cooking, they were not eating, huh? They were  the temple. Then they came and said, Are you not eating? Then they all got together. They brought them food and, you know, regular things began  happen.  them fasting for two days, what has happened? And  prepared   some work for the village. They have created  much  goodwill. These people are even willing  fast and  here.  mean, there are thousands  villages. There are 600,000 villages  India. You can start with  few, but  requires many. Hundreds  people  change this whole climate. But  have not given .  said  doesn' matter,  will start, huh? See, most  these villages, they don' even have electricity properly. They are not dependent  electricity for survival. Isn'  good  bad? Huh?  village that survives without electricity    high state  development   low state  development. High state because  highly subsufficient, huh? Even  the whole world goes down, those people will survive, huh? Our idea was before, underdeveloped, because they don' have electricity.   reverse now. They are the most highly developed. What  required  the ability  live happily together. Isn' ? What  you require?  roof above the head, huh? You see,  our village, people create  roof above the head  one day, huh?  doesn' require this polish, this one, that one, and then big, big tiles are ranging this one, and you are waiting for 10 days for the guide  come and put the tiles plumbing this one, that one. Nothing, the house  built,  one day. That  some subsurface, you know? Huh? Fantastic. See, they may have  redo the roof every year. They have  redo the roof, but  takes half  day. What'  big thing? Yes. See, they have   told you are already  very high state, Baba. Don'  and get more and more and more and more. You are all right, learn  live very happily together, huh? When you are living very happily with each other, that  paradise. Not creating wealth, wealth will create problems. You know, there are very beautiful movies called Gods must  crazy. You have seen that movie? One Coca-Cola bottle dropped  the colority, doesn' ? Huh? Causes  much problem. ' like that.  will increase, but first   living together, being simple.  will  able  live simply. See, India has gone through many  the people here. They  not know India' history. Ancient history  India, they  not know. They are all ours  anything that talks about simplicity, huh?  say that  why  progress  happening, huh? You must  get the fierce competitive, huh? India  very, very rich, huh? Very, very rich. You know how America  discovered? Huh? How? Correct. They wanted    India. They unfortunately discovered America. Unfortunately. Why?  person takes such  great trouble    India. Why  such  great trouble? The country was very rich.  rich. Not only spices, the country was very, very rich. How did  richeness come about? See, what was remaining when the, when  the 15th century, was the remains   very ancient, very ancient wealth, continuously accumulated wealth over thousands  years.  India,  had this thing called, Patrodeva Bava, Acharya Deva Bava, next , Atthit Deva Bava. That means, the first God  your mother. The second God, next God  your father. The next one , your teachers. And the next one , the guest who comes. What  the sign? That house  very rich. Correct. You know, what  the sign? That house  very rich. ', number  guests you have, huh?  nobody wants  come and visit you,    rich house? Both bungalow  , huh? Both bungalow    deserted house, where only spirits live. More number  people come  your house. What does  mean? God must have given  much wealth  you, huh?  treat all these people. Generally, treat all  them, correct? Otherwise, why will they come? More guest means, there  more generosity  this house, huh? There  lot  wealth, and people want  view, huh? , the more you invite people, huh? The more wealthy your father, your house will become, huh? The more you say, don' come, don' come. That country will become poorer and poorer and poorer, huh? How ? Our country, our  doesn' matter. The more you invite people, all  you come, huh? Please come. That place will become prosperous. You say, immigration restriction, don' come.  that country, you'  down. Very oily, very . Why you are able  invite people?   man, please come. When will you invite? When first  all, you are very rich within yourself, correct? And, and you are able  share what you have with others, correct? You are  fear  losing anything. You are not living much above others,  that, you know, other people will come and steal anything from you. You are able  say, yeah,  house  open  you, come . When you don' steal from others, when you don' overly exploit somebody else, huh? When you encourage everybody  live together, then you can have this state. Even the kings, that was  direction. See, every few years, the king has    agna. That means,  has  particular ceremony  has  . And, that ceremony, what  has   ,  has  give away the royal wealth that has been accumulated for  long. First, the very devoted people, very intelligent people  the country who are serving, they were given the chance  first  and take whatever they wanted. Then, the very poor people were invited  take whatever they wanted.