' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  . ' going   back  the place where ' going  .  disciplining yourself, part five  Guruji Sri Rishi Prabhaka. This  the king must not   accumulating for nothing.   for the people. , very important projects, anybody wants  . ' say, okay, take this one, take that one.  has  distribute everything that  there  back  the people. Even today, that tradition works. Every person, even though  may  very rich,  may  very rich. Even today, that tradition works. Every person, even though  may  very rich,  may  very rich. But before  goes,  writes  will that most   must not   his family, but  must   general public. The recycling  the wealth  going . Have you seen  revolution like the Russian revolution happened  India? That country has been living for thousands  years. There has been  Russian revolution for ancient revolution. Why? Very interesting question. Every,  you have capitalism, every 60 years  , maybe now because  the television, that  information  available  everybody. Every few years, there has got    revolution. Because there are too much resources, too much gets consolidated  one place. And all the other people will rebel and take over the country. What  French revolution? Capitalism worked and worked and worked and worked and worked and then  few people had accumulated all the wealth. And the present said,  are the ones who worked for all  this. This  our property. All the rich people, please live, live the world. Please come.  will give you pain less than that, don' worry. Just put your head here. Watch  out.  pain. Same with Russian revolution. Same with the present revolution  Russia. That  communism  capitalistic form. Russian capitalism, mass pure capitalism. Only with power. Huge centralization. More and more power accumulated, accumulated, accumulated and then everybody else became poor. Now decentralization had  happen. The breakup.  why  doesn' happen  India? Simply because people have understood this process already. The king will give  his wealth  his son and say, okay, now you run the country.  himself goes  the forest and lives very, very, very austere life. The king leaves the kingdom and goes and does  correct?  can  revolution happen then? Will the king look after everybody  not now? Definitely  will look after.    just sharing that one must learn. And huge wealth will  created.  sharing  there, wealth increases automatically. Why they are poor now? Because  have imposed  system called democracy  one India. Everybody has become poor. Before there was  king and the villagers were looking after themselves. They would generate all the wealth within their themselves, okay? There were  two parties fighting with each other for power. There was  pancha  the enders  the town. And everybody else listened  them.  was wiseocracy operating, not democracy. There was  big competition, you know,   who    there. They selected the wisest persons and then there' people give direction for the village. And the village ran   run  itself. Now the democracy introduced there. There   opposition group within the village. Internally, there  one ruling party, opposition party. Everywhere the hostos are fighting with each other. What will happen  the village?  has  beautiful village torn  democracy.   British style.  now how  solve this problem? You introduce  wise person there, huh? That  what our people and other SSY teachers  there. They are the wise people who have  allegiance  this party  that party. They are totally dedicated  the selflessly, dedicated  that village. Automatically the forces come together. Now  are beginning  develop. For example, water  there. Water  there. But only one  two people can get  little bit  thing  they put  enough investment into the wells and  . And that cannot  distributed  everybody. But now  our ashram  are managing.  give them all half  acre  land  the people who don' have second water supply. Only  rain they get one.  you get half acre. You produce something. You can put  your energy  the air. Then you solid collectively. They are able  now  again  least about 2000  300 month. But  bring them together, one catalytic force  required. Focusing  much. You see,  are not focusing  much  production. Production will happen  togetherness develops. Resources that were not available now becomes available.  you all  you are able  get together and patiently  with each other lovingly. You don' require individual big, big homes. You can all  together. Prakash has got one room. Ramesh has got one room. Another person has got one room. All their children are playing, looking  each other. Same television  enough. Same swimming pool  enough. And six families can live  that one happily. Happily they can live. All you require  one room. Think about . Then you will not have this baby sitting problem. Because there are  many people there looking after each other. You have got grandparents automatically there. 98%  your problem  over. And  you are able  get along really and you are  there, you are loud together. You don' require prema cooking and these girl cooking, that girl cooking. Ten cooks are not required. Six cooks are reduced  one cook. Everybody else can enjoy them also.   not very difficult  cook for ten people. Correct? Then you two people cooking. You have everything can  reduced  very, very simple economics. Only requirement  whether you are able  love each other and  together like  family  not. Correct?  togetherness comes, economics becomes... Economics  scale. Huh? Car pulling also. You don' require  many cars. You have    little bit early. , you can drop the people off.  little more coordination  required. That' all. But everything  very wonderful. But  can  further and further and further and develop this. But these are  ideas  how you can  very rich even now.  coming    ' sharing. That  how the joint family used  work and beautifully they were working. All that you require  love between people  share, right?  little patience. Now  are building these kinds  things  many, many. Because with SSY, people are getting very close. They don' want  live far away from each other. They want  live close. Once this coherence begins  take place.  this will  the new evolution. Joint families. Again. Once you produce love, many things become possible.  this children. What  has  ?  has  find out what they already know, correct? And then  has  take them further. Like that. Like that.  have  know what you already know, correct? How  come  know what you already know?  can give  test, verbal test, huh? But this, what  are teaching  nothing verbal, correct? Love  not something that  said, you know? Love  something   experienced, huh? This   different kind  teaching. Those kinds are very easy, you know, information processing, giving techniques, doing processes, huh? All these things are very easy. But when  comes  consciousness, totally new game, huh? From discipline  indiscipline, huh? The whole paraffat-melia  upside down, huh? Here  gets transmitted  silence, not  pata pata pata pata pata pata pata pata. You must  for  thing that noise  information, huh? This  transmitted only  silence,   not transmitted  words. Have you noticed? Have you noticed? You can  processes here, huh?  you start talking, the effect  gone, huh? Only  silence, something new begins  get transmitted, huh? Isn'    not?  silence, you know,   like  laser beam, huh? Increasing the bandwidth, huh? And then you can send pass, huh? Fantastic command  messages.  you focus only  one message, you are not increasing the bandwidth there, huh?  are interested  increasing the bandwidth there.  most  the places, they are only interested  that particular channel information flowing. See, what  express here  not information. What  express here   concern, huh? What  express  love, what  express  beauty, huh? What  express  joy.  how   know where you are? Only  coming here and being silent with you, huh? Then  come  know where you are. Then whatever   happen will happen.  you understand? Communion and see where people are, huh? How much abhorated they are? What  going ? Apprated are loving, huh? Are smiling, are joyful, are serious. What  the state? When you are joyful,  don' have  say anything.  can also simply tell some jokes and  away, huh? When you are truly silent,  don' have  say anything and disturb you more. And you can enjoy the silence with you and disappear. See,    with you throughout, let' say, all the sessions, everything  take myself, huh?  don' let any  these people come and take,    myself. ' very nice     like that.     like that,   possible.   possible also. Then most  you will not  home  all. You will say Guruji,  want   with you only.  another problem  will get. Kind  programs before. You have very, very memorable programs there, huh? Then  slowly realize there are, this  too much for the world, huh? They cannot have .  wonder  you are here through. 1981, Stena program  Toronto. Two three programs  had. There,  used  participate 100% with the rest. People who have undertaken those programs, they remember this  their highest point  their life, huh? Today, they are very, very close  each other,  intimate with each other. Raja, huh? Raja  one  her. Raja  one  them. Three  them. And   just not talking. , talking  another way.   just being with somebody. Just being with them. Now the only thing , only the band  expanding, huh? The relationship  just getting stronger and stronger and stronger, huh?   not what  being transmitted, but the relationship itself  getting very, very strong. Within two minutes, those people would get into samadhi.  instruction necessary. Simply direct transmission  force. They would enjoy  immensely. Afterwards, they would get confused what happened  them. They received something.   just being with them, not talking nothing silently.  was with them, that' all, huh? Just being with them silently for two minutes. For three minutes,  don' know whatever  . ' such  divine time.  cannot  measured,  well. They get into ecstasy. Then  found  had two effects. One was those who understood what  was. They became very strong. Those who did not understand what  was, they ran away. They were afraid, huh? They were afraid  the sense, you know, they totally lost themselves, huh? And they experienced something incredible. They have never experienced something.     talking  God.  could just experience here, not talking. They would not understand. Then  decided this  too much dosage, huh?  slow down that dosage. Slowly, slowly, slowly, let them get .  little bit  experience,  little bit  understanding,  little bit  experience, more understanding, with more like that. Now  have brought    point where people are not perplexed suddenly, huh? They understand what  going  slowly. That  why ' not with you all the time.    with you, you will not  home, huh? You have   home also. You take this  your house, not simply remain here, you know? Hanging around Guruji will not give you much. But  will give you  way  hang around  that you can really have , but according  the dosage, huh? That  appropriate, you will receive . You will receive .  want  live  divinity, huh?  want  live  freedom. You want  live   state where you are not  all worried about anything, huh? Reeling ecstatic, blessed, huh? God  God' blessings, you can experience, ' blessed, huh? Things happen without you asking for , huh? Simply you wish  will happen. More than what you want. Simply, blessings are coming down. You feel you are  undeserved for such  blessing  come, huh? This  one experience. When God' blessings come, huh? You will know that you don' deserve  until   coming  you, huh?  have done nothing, why God  giving  all these things, you know? Why    blessed, huh? How many  you have felt that you are blessed? God has given you something that you really don' deserve, huh? But see, the more you feel, the more rich you are, huh? The lesser you feel  that, then the poorer you are. This  the sign, you see? Most other people don' know about blessing. Don' know about receiving something, huh? Fantastic. Because most  the people think they have  work  get this. You cannot work  get this. You will never get this  working, huh?  amount  work will get  this.   free. God' grace  free, huh? And for that you have  learn how   nothing, not how   something, okay? All production people have  learn how   something, huh? All blessed people learn how   nothing. Which one  you want? Production learning how    learning  get, huh? Learning  get the blessings  doing nothing. Fantastic. See, when you receive that, then you recognize,  mean stupid fellow, why have been  much blessed, huh? The more you receive the blessing, the more you feel, ' such  stupid fellow. Why have  been blessed  much, huh? Truly you will find  the bottom  your heart, huh? The God has given you something that you don' really deserve, huh? The somebody for which you worked   curse  you, huh? The somebody which has been granted  you, huh? Which has been blessed  you. You have not worked for , huh? God has simply blessed and you have become somebody, and you don' deserve . You know  don' deserve   this one. And yet God has imposed  upon you, huh? Granted  upon you. The looks you have, what you have done anything about , God' blessing, correct? And  you are  touch with this, you will certainly start looking more and more beautiful, huh? More and more beautiful, every person  attracted, something about this person, you know? There' something such great beauty,  can' understand, such attraction.    telling all these people, you know, really  feel.  don' know why God has blessed   much, huh? Don' deserve anything.  can  anywhere  the world, huh? Why  has blessed ? Many people,   around the world, '  big thing, huh? Even  they work for their entire life, huh? They cannot get   around the world. For    only three minutes job  call, you know? That' what etiquette. That  all. The persons who provide  the etiquette, they have the money, but they don' have the time  move. Now they give  the money and   around. ' very fantastic. Huh?  ahead. See, even  you have the money, you must have the blessings  enjoy , ?  ahead, you say.  had  much money, huh?  much money, but the poor fellow,  cannot pray,  don' have his room, how?  had  many girlfriends employed, mind you. You are very peculiar, you know?  would employ girlfriends. What was their job? Simply  and sit  that restaurant,  pay you, huh? And these people are waiting whether this fellow will come  not, will come  not, huh?  used  pay them lots  money, huh? Simply  and sit.  you know?    crazy fellow.  had  many girlfriends employed.  many people, fellow could not enjoy anything.  don' know    planning  come  not.