There  always worry that you will get infected and sat  some hotel where  Seattle the fellow died   hotel room collecting all his urine.  Seattle,  Las Vegas.   sitting  Las Vegas, come get out  his house. What  great fellow. There are  many people who become  important. You know they have work  become important. Like  movie star. They have work  become important. Now they are told  their agent, you must never  out anywhere.  anybody sees you anywhere, your value goes down Baba. Don'  anywhere. Correct?  you know this?     only   particular big restaurant. Reserved for only somebody like him. Big bodies. And spend huge amount  money for nothing, for eating one meal. For what? For keeping  his somebody else. But when God blesses you, you can  anywhere. Even the chance, you know,  get into  movie role for this particular person   blessing.  has come   blessing.   not something because  worked that  came. But  thinks  does God because  him working. And  long  you feel that you have earned , any person who feels  has earned ,  will act crazy with his money.  will act crazy with his money.  will  whatever  want. Who are you  ask?  will throw  here  there, like cowardice. Throw  here  there. Who   care?  have lots  money, but lots  money, lots and lots  money. But  care where one pie also goes.   not  money.   God who has given this  take care  his children.   not  fancy because   not , you know. The one who gave the money  not . The one who has received . Simply God has given telling, okay, you take care.  you only bless other people with this money. You don' try  buy them with this money, you see.   also given   blessing. Used   blessing. See, somebody has been imposed upon you.   not working for .   always with everyone going out from high travel only second class. People start looking for , Guruji  coming, Guruji  coming. They   the first class compartment and the ASE compartment. They will not find Guruji there. Come down from some second class compartment with everybody. After being with , many  the people who used   first class, they have  come down  second class. You are coming from Los Angeles from here. She pointed out, see,  this Renoir,  you pay $25, you can  first class. Why  that? Why waste the money? Why  you have  show  somebody that   first class?   two-pit percent. All fools will   first class. Even though they can   second class, sometimes  need    first class because there  some very big luggage which  don' want  get lost  second class.  may still . But there   very special purpose, not for showing that   first class person. Most people who travel  first class are only show off, sir. They don' really don' require .  they have  pay from their pocket, they will   second class.  the company pay, they will   first class. These are all fools  the world. What  you think  the percentage  fools  the world? 99.99. All fools. They have not understood God' blessing. Because  are blessed with something fantastic. That' why, see, Shankara says, Ajay Gowendam. Basically, what  says , what you can  proud ,  the wealth and  very wealthy fellow. They will sleep, but they get  different blessing. That  also blessing. That they can sleep. Here  another blessing. Because many people cannot sleep. '  nice, she  sleeping. She has completely taken  sleep. She  always hiding behind other side, don' know why. ,  the... . Here, the lesson  not about the ability  you. Here, the real lesson  for the child  you. There are many teachers  SSY, you know. They have given their time   this. You know,  they want  increase their business,    easy.  easy. Because people see that   giving,  much blessings  people. That any person will say, Baba, you don' worry, whatever business you want,  will give you, don'? Our problem  not making... You see,  ...  have  really understand that this teacher deserves   blessed also before  . Now many companies come and say,  want ...  want  take  SSY teacher  our...  our payroll.  doesn' have  come,   comes, ' okay, but  doesn' come, ' okay. But  want  contribute towards  few SSY teachers.  will take care  their, you know, requirements  how  should talk.  will take care  their, you know, requirements  how  should talk. The more you get entered into non-doing, the more blessings will come. They tell , you see,  don' want them   anything.   can create that SSY atmosphere  our office,  will pay them anything.   can create that atmosphere  trust and love, give them anything. SSY teacher, who  poor, huh? There   person.    poor,   not  SSY teacher.  has not learned.  cannot bless.   able  bless, you must   millionaire, ?  this comes  voluntary simplicity, ? You  and asking for more and more, where  the end? Correct?  what does  person who  blessed, how does  live? How does  live? Extravagantly  voluntary simplicity? ? Volunteer simplicity. This  one thing. See,  you try  live voluntarily simplicity,   very hard. But  you feel blessed, automatically you will  simplicity.  even that you don' try, okay? Just  conscious, but don' try. Only get the blessings automatically you will  doing this. You must  aware that this  what  required. Correct?  you are greedy, will    supplying  you? When     teacher' home and  see how they are living, and then  find out, other day you require these, how come you are able  live like this? Yeah,   enough. Say, ,   not enough.  want  give you,  come and give them.  arrange  see that they get, somehow,  that they are not living  that state, where there   much trouble there and  buy. For them   not trouble.  see that their resources can  used better. Third and facilities are provided.  you want  grow, you have  voluntarily give  your wealth. Volunteerly give  your wealth. Only when you are bankrupted, you will start dealing  God' blessing. That means you don' have  throw away your things, sir. What you have. But recognizing this  not mine, okay? This  only God'. See, every SSY teacher' home has    ashram. Other ..  not  SSY teacher. What  the difference between  ashram and  home? What  the difference? What  the difference between  ashram and  home? What? What  the difference? You can call yourself  guru, and that  .  becomes  ashram. Exactly, that  the thing.  ashram invites every person and any person, they are welcomed. There   limited restriction. You have  have appointment, why did you come? And why you are sleeping here? Somebody can ask,  bum  sleeping, okay? But here   place  invitation for everybody  have   their home, okay? That  what makes the difference between  home and  ashram.  there are many ashrams   place,   good  bad? What does that show? That people are willing  share everything, okay?  every home becomes  ashram, then that place   paradise, okay? Where everybody can   anybody' house, okay? And  limitation,  restriction. Everybody  welcomed. Not, don' come here, don' come here, okay? Limited immigration means the country  poor, okay? And you open  and say, everybody come. That shows greatness. Don' you think?  you will find  all ashrams, they will definitely  chaos, you know? They will definitely  chaos. Why?  many new people come, huh? And they don' know how  operate within that, but they are welcomed.  they  create some chaos.   not perfectly systematic, all-terly, huh? Everything   place.  everything   place, that  not  ashram,  tell you, huh? '  prison. Either    prison, huh?  somebody has imprisoned himself with the money inside. Definitely, two kinds  prison, huh? Force prison  somebody has because  the fear, they have forced themselves into prison, correct?  what are all the security devices all about? Impressioning oneself with the money, huh? And put  electronic ------, -----, and then  horns and then everything. These are all people imprisoning themselves. You understand? Which  the freest country? Which  the freest country? America, India. Please, huh? America   prison. They have created  prison for themselves, huh? With the money, huh?  don' know why you all come  this prison, but  proud  the also brings  here. Because ,  one time  thought that    important person, you see?  that  still going . But  have not come here  take away money from America,  come  give you money, okay? Don' worry.  come  make your richer.   not coming here  take away.  you become thousand dollars rich,  you give  ten dollars, that' good enough. Adel, say, yes,  cannot run, . See, you get  million dollar benefit.  least you must give hundred dollars for the thing  work, huh? For the person  deliver this.  home will not receive donations.  astronomer will receive donations, huh? And when you have  astronomer, you can  and beg also. But  you have  home, you cannot beg. You don' know. Dharma   and beg. You can ask. See?  ask.  ask.  don' have  work for , huh?  have the right  ask. Correct? And people willingly give. Only  they want  give, they can give. But  will ask her.  want   around the world  please give  some money. People will collect and give  the money. While  you are   home, but why they will say, why   always need  tell you? Why  should give you the money? Don'   work, huh?  never work. And  never get things because  working.  only get because  blessings. Then people will start blessing you. God sends His blessings  these people. Siddha Samadhi Yoga.  short, SSY, the greatest gift  mankind.  just 14 days, you find yourself totally relieved from all diseases, like insomnia, diabetes, blood pressure, arthritis, ulcers and others. You are free from all tensions. And then you can really see what life has  offer. How  this miracle possible? Yes. When you  from doing  non-doing, anything can happen. And SSY teaches you this non-doing.  invite you  take this program and  experience what    celebrate life. Jaya Gude. Jaya Gude. Jaya Gude. Jaya Gude. Jaya Gude.