Sadhguru and Rishi Prabhakar:  curious connection! April 13, 2015 When  have  Guru who strikes  chord with people, there will  always  Guru-haters too who keep spreading lies  damage and discredit the Guru.    not surprising that Sadhguru ( Isha Foundation) has his fair share  critics who call him  fraud and his spiritual movement  “cult”.  addressed some  these “cult concerns”   earlier article. Most  this -called “criticism”  not worth considering because   devoid  facts and  full  hate-filled propaganda. But  must keep listening  the critics because they may sometimes dig out  fact that deserves some attention. This article focuses  one such fact.   The allegation    allegation  heard long back about Sadhguru  that  got trained under one Rishi Prabhakar  Siddha Samadhi Yoga (SSY), learnt all the yoga techniques from him, left him and started his own organization (Isha Foundation).  discarded this allegation  “silly propaganda” and never really paid much attention  . But recently  happened  talk  one acquaintance who after learning that    Isha meditator, casually remarked that “ meditated with Sadhguru long back  Hyderabad, when  was part  Siddha Samadhi Yoga”. This made  very curious and  considered this allegation with some seriousness for the first time.   Some facts     researched  the internet. The most difficult part for  was  separate facts from opinions and propaganda.  the end,  could gather these facts regarding this allegation:   Rishi Prabhakar (who expired  2014) never himself said anything about Sadhguru. However, Rishi Prabhakar’ disciple Raviji  (who   Guru himself) did   record about this and wrote the following   blog comment  2007:   “The arguments and counter arguments about Jaggi and his life are interesting. One fact  wish  share   both got trained  Guruji Rishi Prabhakar  the years 1984-86.  both took SSY teachers training together  Gommatagiiri near Mysore.  did SSY classes together and  started the Hyderabad center  Rishi Samskruti Vidya Kendra under Guruji. Then  was sent  Guruji Rishi Prabhakar  Coimbatore  start center there. There  slowly left the organization and started his own.  renamed himself  Sadguru Jaggi Vasudev and became popular.   His Guru Rishi Prabhakar will not claim him   his student  Jaggi has not lived   his word. There   secrecy  these matters. Jaggi himself will accept  ( still believe   truthful).  have not contacted him  far after  left Guruji Rishi Prabhakar."   Apart from Raviji’ statement, there   other factual proof  could find online, apart from some people who claimed that they did indeed see Jaggi Vasudev when  was with SSY. And there were couple  Isha meditators who heard this from people they trust and  were surprised like  and wanted  know the truth.    Sadhguru never mentioned Rishi Prabhakar. But let  look  some relevant facts  know about Sadhguru and try  put those  the context  this allegation:   Per his own words, Sadhguru got enlightened  September 1981  Chamundi Hills, Mysore.  After enlightenment, there was  “year  withdrawal” after which Sadhguru decided  teach yoga.  conducted his own class for  time and then decided  “work under the umbrella  other yoga organizations with similar objectives”. Reason? They had “methods and techniques but  (spiritual) experience, while Sadhguru had  huge experience but did not have any methods  techniques”. Working with them taught Sadhguru “what  should not ”.  picked  some things from these organizations and made them into something “totally different”. These efforts culminated into the present Isha Foundation’ programs, “where the content may  the same but the dimension and depth with which   presented  not being done anywhere else”.   (Details taken from his biography  Arundhati Subramaniam titled “Sadhguru, more than  life”, pages 87-89) Till 1987, Sadhguru continued his yoga classes (which were flourishing, with some classes held even  Hyderabad).  also got married during this time and did other business activities  earn money.   1987, Sadhguru visited Coimbatore  meet  friend and entered  deep meditative state waiting  the bus depot.  was then  decided Coimbatore  his future home.  1989,  conducted his first class there. Isha foundation was established later  Coimbatore  1992.   Analysis   The most striking aspect  Raviji’ statement  the details provided. Specific years and place names were mentioned. Between 1984-86, Sadhguru was still possibly interacting with outside organizations and  his involvement with SSY cannot  ruled out. The place “Gomatagiri” mentioned  Raviji even figures  Arundhati Subramaniam’ book where   mentioned that “Jaggi conducted  program  Gomatagiri” (page 92).  Per the book, Sadhguru visited Coimbatore  1987 which aligns with Raviji’ dates.   One can also see some similarities between Isha’ programs and SSY’. SSY’ intro program  called “Siddha Samadhi Yoga” which teaches  basic breathing technique and emphasises eating “positive pranic” food. Isha’ flagship program called “Inner Engineering”  similar. Interestingly, before “Inner Engineering”, Sadhguru used  teach  13 day program called “Sahaja Stithi Yoga” which also acronyms  SSY. Rishi Prabhakar’ other program called “Bhava Samadhi Training” (BST) deals with handling emotions and  intended  “vomit out what was suppressed for many years”. This has some resemblances  Isha’ “Bhava Spandana Program” (BSP). Rishi Prabhakar has  silence program called “Advanced Meditation Course” (AMC) designed  “take one into one’ own state  silence within”. Isha has  similar advanced silence meditation program too called “Samyama”. Critics pointed out these similarities  claim that Isha’ programs are  rip-off from SSY. That   hasty conclusion because many organizations have similar programs (. Art  Living also has  silence meditation program). Moreover Sadhguru himself admitted that  took some ideas from these organizations but transformed them entirely.    But there are some troubling aspects  Raviji’ statement.  claims that Sadhguru took teachers training with SSY which indicates  far deeper involvement than what Sadhguru hinted   Arundhati Subramaniam’ book.  Raviji also says that Sadhguru was sent  Coimbatore  Rishi Prabhakar  establish SSY there. This contradicts Sadhguru’ own version. Per Sadhguru,  had  mystic connection with Coimbatore and Velliangiri mountains  his past life and therefore selected Coimbatore  establish Dhyana Linga, his mission  this life.   however possible that  first came  Coimbatore  some SSY related work and then recognized his past-life relation with . Arundhati Subramaniam’ book does mention that Sadhguru remembered his “coimbatore connection” unexpectedly when  visited Coimbatore  1987 (page 100).   Final impressions  Given these facts, this  the story  construct. After enlightenment, Sadhguru taught yoga  his own for  while. Then  decided  join with other organizations.  this phase,   reasonably certain that Sadhguru was involved with SSY, possibly   teacher.  need more factual details  establish the story entirely here. But   possible that Sadhguru went  Coimbatore  SSY related work and recognized his connection with that place. This  when Sadhguru started cutting off from SSY    his own again with his Sahaja Stithi Yoga.   this  the possible story and there  nothing fraudulent here  some critics allege.  conclude that blaming Sadhguru for his "Rishi Prabhakar" connection  entirely baseless.   . - Email communication with Raviji:  contacted Raviji over email  comment  Sadhguru' involvement with SSY but  declined  discuss . His advice   over 2 replies   really wise advice for  spiritual seeker but does not help  fill  the gaps -  Reply 1: Why you want  disturb yourself with the history  your guru? Just enjoy your sadhana and move ahead.   good for you and for your guru too! Until one comes out  the idea that  human being can   Guru  another human being,   not possible  see the truth that every life has something  offer  wisdom and knowledge.   Nature that lets  learn everything. All human interventions are just obstacles for ones journey towards God and divine living! Simply celebrate your life free from all Gurus, who are just human beings, like all  .  one can save you excepting your own self!  Reply 2: Just continue your sadhana.  thankful  whoever had offered . Keep offering your best wherever you are and enjoy life   comes. There   one who   Guru  Sadguru,   his/her disciples who make .    authentic    genuine  your belief  true, matters not from his/her context. You give value  such things and   matters  you. That' all. Just continue your Sadhana without getting attached  the person whoever had made  possible for you.   your journey and you need  take  .  one will carry you. "Uddaret Atmana atamanam..." Bhagavat Gita says. What more can ?