'Raviji   respectable person but there can  inaccuracies  what  wrote.'  ' unfair  mention raviji' innacuracies.  too attended Gomatagiri BST with Raviji. Jaggis wife Viji was the superstar teacher  SSY. jaggi then just used    introvert sweet husband  viji.  all used  think this   couple made  heaven. viji till death was committed  aham brahmasi. jaggi turned  exploitation  the name  external god, which never used  believe  . sorry  witness unfortunate and inhuman turn  events. September 21, 2015  12:15   Phanindra said… Dear Omm,  Thanks for the reply.  did not intend  doubt Raviji but just listed  possibility.  contacted Raviji over email  this actually but  declined  comment.  -turn advised  not  worry about these things.  just updated  blog  include his response. Please see the . above.    interesting  learn that Viji was  SSY teacher.  was thinking till now that Viji got interested  spirituality under Sadhguru' influence. The commonly told story  that Viji  very sincere seeker who wanted  achieve enlightenment after death and she diligently did all the Sadhana offered  Sadhguru  reach that goal (although somewhat prematurely, even before Dhyanalinga  consecrated). What are your thoughts  this version?  What exactly  you refer  when you say "jaggi turned  exploitation  the name  external god"?  you mean the Linga Bhairavi yantras?  What events  you have  mind when you said, "sorry  witness unfortunate and inhuman turn  events"?  Thanks for your reply again! September 21, 2015  4:50   Unknown said…  seems  Jagadish Vasudev aka Sadhguru Jaggi Vasudev aka Jaggi has been accused  his own father  law  killing his daughter (Sadhguru jaggi' wife) Vijji aka Mrs Vijaya kumari either  strangulation   poisoning,  1997. Mrs Vijaya Kumari was 31 years old then with  6 year old daughter . Jaggi has escaped saying that she went into mahasamadhi. (Now, which court accepts mahasamadhi and acquits  murderer?).  . Jagadish cremated the body  his wife  the next day itself, hence  autopsy could  performed. Before marrying Jagadish vasudev, Vijaya kumari was working   bank and was previously married  someone else. After her death, another woman who was involved with them ( the tri-vortex  energy needed  consecrate the  -called dhyanalinga),  certain Mrs. Bharathi divorced her husband and came  live with . Jagadish vasudev.  . Jagadish vasudev has  daughter named Radhe, who   dancer and she  married   classical singer and  living  normal, luxurious life  Chennai and the USA, whereas most young women and men  the ashram live  unpaid slave labour, just  2 meals  day and 3 sets  clothes and hard work  produce products and money for his  called Isha foundation, which many say  just  excuse  get tax exempt status  India and the USA for all ashram activities and businesses. Isha foundation doesnt seem  work much    advertised.   Jagadish Vasudev once said that children who   govt. schools are walking 4  per day and giving the bus charges (7rs/ day)  the ashram and that they are very commendable. Also, while  asks people  live frugally, and donate  the ashram,  and his daughter, and Bharathi etc live very luxuriously and Jaggi has bought himself  landrover,  landcruiser and  hummer apart from other things.  advises people not  drink coffee, but  himself drinks folgers coffee and  seen  starbucks. His family members (daughter, son  law etc )   movies, malls, foreign vacations, and drink coffee and hang out with friends along with their latest -phones  normal people .  seems that . Jgadish vasudev  keeping them  "miserable" luxuries while the ashramites are enjoying sublime "spiritual" bliss  bare frugality.   has once said that 3 things should never  commercialized...education, health care and spirituality.   commercializing all the three  - ) isha home school charges around 6 lakh per annum, ) isha arogya (medicine) products are sold through isha stores and ) inner engineering and all other programs (spirituality) are also being sold  the masses.    good with words, but  himself never practices what  speaks. Some people who want  come out  the ashram are threatened from leaving saying that their spiritual progress will  stopped and that they will also affect the lives  many people around them... something like that. Anyways most  them are   kind  hypnotic delusional state where they worship their master since   offering them something intangible like enlightenment, and they believe all the lies  continuously says and defend him and the organization  the best  their abilities.  You can read more  sadhguru jaggi vasudev aka sjv  guruphiliac forums written   ishaites.﻿ They say that few people were found dead  both his ashrams  India and the . January 27, 2016  10:14   Ramakrishnan said… Excellent article. March 8, 2016  4:19   Raghu said…  have attended the SSY class held  Sadguru and his wife viji  1986  Mangalore. Sadguru was relatively quite  Vijji.  personally did not sense any exploitative tendencies  either  the two what  ever. March 25, 2016  9:30   Phanindra said… Interesting! Did not know that Sadhguru and Viji conducted classes together.   rather curious that Sadhguru never mentioned (AFAIK) about his and Viji' association with SSY. March 25, 2016  1:13   Unknown said… Wow, interesting article.  many double standards. Whom  trust. July 5, 2016  9:38   Anonymous said… isha   black magic cult and jaggie   witch Isha people  know (all Westerners) continue  point out   that Isha  not  religion. ' website disclaims religious status  well. But...when  watch the videos  all  the ceremonies, rituals, chanting, dancing, adoration  Vasudev,   reminded  the old adage that   walks like  duck, quacks like  duck, and looks like  duck, then    duck. Isha   religion, ' own religion. That   clear  . Like all religions, Isha  syncretic -  borrows from other religions.  mostly borrows from Hinduism, but the flesh-eating meditations are borrowings from Christianity.  syncretic,   also synthetic - made   the fly  Vasudev. People are ensnared  Isha' promises  healthy living through yoga. They then get sucked deeper into  cult mentality. Finally, they are incapable  independent reason. Some, fortunately, will snap out  their trance  have some  the critical posters here; but most, unfortunately, will die Isha devotees. Meanwhile, Vasudev, the actor-entertainer guru,  enjoying his narcissistic power trip, his wealth, his status  society. And yet,  the end   all, Vasudev will  die (from disease  accident, not mahasamadhi), his cult will splinter, diminish, and,  quote Ronald Reagan,  consigned  the "dustbin  history." And yet, how many good people will ruin their lives adoring this false god with his faux temples and their manufactured deities? Vasudev' press  good. His cult spreads. Only this blog stands witness  the truth about this "profound mystic." August 8, 2016  1:20   Ravi  said… Great research Phanindra !  did not believe that  will see  familiar face  profile photo  this webpage :)  know you professionally  6k days :), not sure  you remember .  recently started watching this guy' videos  Youtube and got blown away with his answers  each and every question asked  people. Even  ,   invited because some  the officials are his trainees   get  hear from Max Kennedy. But when  saw his discussions about Souls, Cobra Venom and "Dwapara Yuga being  present time", then  just thought  try doing search  any possible controversy around him and found this :) There  one more article from Tehelka journalist  this where  spent  day  this Ashram and has some interesting observations :) you can check those  case not yet seen  http://archive.tehelka.com/story_main50.asp?filename=hub060811You_me.asp   somehow  tend  agree with Raviji' answer  you that   your faith  Guru which  more important than what /she  truly  life. September 3, 2016  3:21   Phanindra said…  Ravi,  Pleasure hearing from you! Yes,  remember you very much! How are you doing? Your blog " life"  quite nice but seems you haven' updated  recently! Keep writing!  Sadhguru' talks are excellent and  has  great presence. His meditation programs are pretty good too and  would definitely recommend them for anyone ( wrote articles  them  this blog, check for tag "Isha"). But  agree that the "mystic" aspect  him may not   everyone' liking.   not approve  /believe   completely myself.   wish that  does not emphasize this aspect much.  read the Tehelka link you pointed out before and even that author  not very comfortable with mysticism. But that said, one can always ignore this mystic-aspect (Sadhguru himself asked people  not believe what  says, but not reject  either.  asked people  just  aware that such possibilities exist).   course, there are other controversies surrounding him and Isha foundation. You can find ample details  the web. But  can say this - the programs and volunteer base  excellent.   advice  people interested  Isha programs but skeptical about Sadhguru  this - just take  program, meet some nice guys and experience the benefits  practice! Forget the rest  the stuff,  you want,  does not really matter. And  someone  interested  his talks - just listen  the talks you like for their wisdom and ignore the rest!  September 8, 2016  9:42   sundanzer said…  read  comments....very interesting.... often wonder  the amount sadhguru spends  his "dressing"  mean the costly shawls...the subtely matching sartorial sense... often rationalise why gurus dress  well...all  them...have  certain cult dressing...can' wisdom  delivered when one   austere dress sense ?...SHYAM Sunder September 8, 2016  11:59   Phanindra said…  Shyam Sunder,   think    preference. Traditional Gurus were all dressed very simply while modern Gurus tend  dress well. For ,   fine  long    not extravagant. Sadhguru does wear neat and costly dresses.  does not matter even   wears simpler dresses.  think  should not  too bothered  "external appearances". One looking simple and austere  not necessarily  authentic Swami nor one who wears costly dresses   fake one.    September 11, 2016  12:19   Lakshmiputra said… Phanindra, send  your email address  9494125721,  will give you some interesting information about this topic. September 23, 2016  12:47   Phanindra said… @Lakshmiputra: Thank you! You  not seem    Whatsapp and  cannot text  India numbers from  phone. You can email   ksmphanindra@gmail.com September 23, 2016  1:06   Anonymous said…  have  simple question which has been bothering   lot. How does  super star yoga teacher(Vijji)  her prime with  disease just 'leave' her body? Does legal system accept that? Tomorrow  can commit  murder   wife and say she left her body because she was yogic and  will  let free?  don' think . There  something fishy. She either died  natural causes  she died  unnatural causes.  she died  natural causes(cancer etc.) then Sadhguru has spun this whole consecration story  her death bed and created this organization.  she was plain murdered. Only 'evidence'  testimony  some people who saw her leave the body which too  anecdotal evidence.  cannot suspend our common sense!  the way Ramakrishna Paramahamsa and Ramana Maharishi died  cancer, Vivekananda  Diabetes.  the most, yogis when they know their bodies are getting fragile, can choose  time  leave the body(Ekadasi etc.) but not just like that.Definitely not  married woman with  kid! September 27, 2016  8:34   Phanindra said… @Anonymous: Your skepticism  reasonable. Sadhguru' explanation was that "people who are not accomplished Yogis cannot hold their body when they reach enlightenment".  even said that   proud  her   Guru, that she reached the pinnacle. All this  admittedly "mystic"  nature and people can question . September 28, 2016  8:49   Chris said… Thank you for this article.  just recently discovered Sadhguru  YouTube and have found his talks very inspiring and useful.   not new  the spiritual path and  such, learned  long time ago that the true teacher  within. Others can help point the way but  learn  inner experience and awareness.  decided  investigate Sadhguru  assess his character, which  you stated  not always easy because  the amount  biased opinions that float around about him  the Internet.  find  somewhat amusing that people make such  issue out  what could  deemed  proprietary rights for the usage  spiritual teachings and methods. Not withstanding copyright issues (which  their nature could  considered dubious because  worldly mindset that deems that intellectual property can  owned   spiritual universe),  not the truth the truth  matter what medium   expressed through?   truly benefit from  teaching  practice,  could care less who the teacher   the who the organization  the published and promoted the work . But then again, ' learned through experience not  blindly trust and rely  any one individual  organization  interpret reality for .  listen  many points  view and see  there  inner resonance  what  being presented.  then proceed from that place. '  opinion that  truly progress  the spirity'all path, one has  let   the tendency  blindly belive the words  others.  need  learn from the guru within that may resonate with the words  another.  are responsible for our own awakening. That'  2 cents anyway...well maybe 5 cents....hehe Chris October 11, 2016  2:24   Chris said… Sorry for the typos...hehe October 11, 2016  2:30   Phanindra said… Very well put Chris!  agree with you! Yes, Sadhguru  very inspiring and  can learn  lot from him and benefit. October 12, 2016  1:03   Music Moments said… Phanidra, Not sure  you remember ,  live  the  and  name  Appaiah.  too was  part  Rishi Prabhkar' SSY , also attended the BST course and particpated  BST along with Jaggi and Viji, but this was  Bangalore.  was introduced  Rishi Prabhakar   brother Shyam from Mysore! Shyam and Jaggi were good friends! You may know  brother. Did you also attend the BST  Bangalore?  remember you because  the not  common name you have!  totally agree with you that  should learn from his experience and the inspiration  imbibes  people and the benefits  offers from his discources!   not feel that modelling his training program around Rishi Prabhakar' would  wrong!   sure Rishi Prabhakar also fine tuned his SSY and BST based  his Guru' teaching.  the end   about how you can inspire people  leading  happy spirtual life! Anybody who   the business  making the world  better place  live will need all the adulations and love!!!  Let  end  just saying the famous quote  Oscar Wilde 'all saints have  past and all sinners have  future' !!! -Appaiah October 13, 2016  11:47   Phanindra said…  Appaiah gaaru,  ,   not the same Phanindra  the BST course  Bangalore!  did not myself attend any SSY courses but   know  friend who attended  SSY course with Sadhguru  Hyderabad.   casual conversation  told  about  and that  how  researching  links between Sadhguru and Rishi Prabhakar and ended   writing this article!   completely agree with you that people like Rishi Prabhakar, Sadhguru  RaviShankar are doing fabulous job  humanity and should  treated with adulation! October 13, 2016  11:22   Anonymous said… Thanks for the very informative discussion and analysis. Please review the below link and see  you can add further thoughts  this topic. http://halfcenturywisdom.blogspot.com October 20, 2016  10:47   Anonymous said… Here  the click able hyperlink: http://halfcenturywisdom.blogspot.com October 20, 2016  10:48   Phanindra said… Dear Anonymous blogger,  Thanks for sharing your experiences with Sadhguru and providing  link  your write-   blog comments. When  researched  Sadhguru-Rishi Prabhakar connection,  was really hoping  find someone like you telling the story from their personal experience.   frustration,  could not find any such account  the internet. Now  last,  found another "version"  the story. Your account seems truthful and  admire your courage!  Your revelations,  true, are shocking  say the least. Many Sadhguru devotees would  devastated. But even though you know all you wrote here  the truth, because  was your living experience, others like  would    dilemma whether  trust you  not. Naturally, Isha devotees will trust Sadhguru' version than  anonymous blogger' version. Isha critics will trust your version. But for , the truth still remains unproven since there   enough evidence  definitely say one way  the other. What you said could  the truth, but what Sadhguru claimed could  the truth too. Unless more people connected  SSY come out and share the facts about Sadhguru and Vijji, the common population would continue  believe  Sadhguru' version  this  the sensible thing  ! But alas, even Raviji  SSY  not willing  comment  Sadhguru when  contacted him!   not sure what the reasons are.   have  few questions  your account -  1.   interesting that you mentioned Sadhguru also had  bar  addition  poultry business.  where else  was mentioned, including  Sadhguru' biography  Arundhati Subramanian. Sadhguru himself mentioned about Poultry business though.  did Sadhguru run  bar where people come and drink? Was   partner  the whole owner? 2.   also interesting  know that Sadhguru used his enlightenment story even  SSY days. Are there any witnesses  your claim that "Sadhguru himself admitted that story  fake"? 3. That Vijji suspected Sadhguru  have  affair with Bharati  mentioned  "More than  life" book. The conflicts  their marital life are also described  detail. However Sadhguru explained that   "misunderstanding"  Vijji. Sadhguru also repeatedly said that they were many witnesses when Vijji left her body and they can testify that she left her body  her own suddenly. What  you have  say about these things? October 23, 2016  9:50   Anonymous said…  this not  waste  time ? Lets agree that Sadhguru   fraud.    lied about his enlightenment and  has  spiritual knowledge and  killed his wife. Next question  for what? And the answer would  for money/fame/lust..   now   almost 24/7 under public eye.  cannot really  and  called enjoy his life cause    world recognised face. have seen pictures  him consecrating dhyan linga.   prove his lies  gave  his health  the point where  was not able  breathe   have seen  the vidoes and hear from hundreds who were present ( you dont believe  was  verge  death) . Bharati- Have you seen her?  did and dont think ( all humbleness) that sadguru would kill his wife for this lady.   what does  enjoy? - Have you seen him eating lavish food, non veg? His daughter living lavishly. What ever  does its out  the open. dont think  buy  hummer+ rnage rover and send his daughter  USA   marry her   classical singer one person has  give  much  society.  his shoes  would not  more than one satsang   year cause its  pain  sit for  long. This man goes  tirelessly awakening humans.  you cannot  with him atleast dont waste your time blaming him. December 2, 2016  12:36   Phanindra said… Dear "Iasa members",    not sure  your comment  addressed     someone who commented above.  will anyways reply, assuming you were addressing .   understood correctly, you were asking  why   wasting  time  researching Sadhguru' past.  you rightly said, Sadhguru  doing great service  humanity.  doubt about that. People, including , have experienced his "presence" and had wonderful experiences  bliss. What more   need? Why  blame him? Why can'  ignore his past, whatever  , and  with his "present"?   clarify,   not blaming him  all! You see,  Guru needs   entirely trust-worthy. 100%. 99.9% will not . Absolute honesty and integrity   must for  spiritual Guru. Take the case  Nityananda. Even  did many social projects, even  had  great presence and oratory and even  had  great following. Many people left their careers  dedicate themselves  his service. And one fine day,  was revealed that  had  physical relationship with  female devotee. Now, what does this change? Nothing. Still his meditations are  powerful and still his social work   great. But why  you think many people were devastated? Because  promoted  false-version  himself  his followers and that breaks the trust. And trust  everything  spiritual matters.  Now,   pretty sure there are many Nityananda followers who are still with him. Their trust  not broken yet. Revelations  not shatter all people equally.  depends  how much you believe  your Guru and how much your "tolerance"   "facts". For example,   100% sure that Sadhguru was  teacher with Siddha Samadhi Yoga under Rishi Prabhakar.  bothers  that Sadhguru did not mention this any time.  there  nothing  hide, why not describe his past clearly?  mentioned trivial details about his life many times. Isn'  curious that  leaves out this important detail? But  give benefit  doubt  Sadhguru and  hope someday  would clear the air  this. Till then,  comfort myself,  wrote this blog post.  But   understand that many Isha devotees  not care about this fact. You did not. One   friends did not.   completely fine with that.   not judge you   friend.  just request you  not judge  too and try  understand! Thank You! December 3, 2016  6:57   Raghuveer said… Just  personal views, Sadguru and his wife were teachers  SSY  Rishi Prabhakar  have attended their one week course  early 1986.  doubts  questions about . What   looking for  whether  get what  says  can provide. Personally   not here  trust  distrust Sadguru.  begin with  trust  the extent that  will provide the path that  promised. Doesn' bother one bit   mentions SSY  presents himself any which way  does,  long   can show  the path...... December 3, 2016  9:19   Phanindra said… @Raghuveer  Yes, you are right.   are just looking for utility/benefits,  does not matter whether  trust Sadhguru  not. The Kriyas and the teachings work even    not believe  Sadhguru. But then,  just becomes  deal with emphasis  "what   getting out  ".  ordinary life, and  spirituality especially, trust  everything.  one does even business with  untrustworthy person, even  the "offer" looks profitable. Hypothetically, let  assume Sadhguru  proven   fraud. Then  doubt anyone would care for his teaching and methods, however "beneficial" they may . December 17, 2016  8:11   Anonymous said…   baffled  your allegation against Swami Nityananda.  has been more that year that  has been cleared  this allegation. This article may enlighten you http://hinduismnow.org/blog/2016/02/17/nithyananda-video---fake-sun--coo-hansraj-saxena-confesses/ December 21, 2016  10:21   Phanindra said… @Anonymous:  apologize   comments  Nithyananda bothered you.  was merely stating  incident, not alleging anything.  read the link you shared and   good  know that Nithyananda  being cleared off the scandal. December 24, 2016  6:27   Anonymous said… Hello Phanindra,  Just wanted  clarify something.   the anonymous commenter who posted the link http://halfcenturywisdom.blogspot.com/  October 20, 2016  10:48 .  However,   not the author  that blog post. When  came across that blog post,  thought  has some insights that you and your readers may  interested .  very much appreciate the impartial analysis and truth seeking mission  your blog and posted the link for your possible further analysis.  Unfortunately there   contact information  that blog.  Thank you for responding back  ,    not the author  that blog post,  cannot provide any more details. May  the original author  the post will come forward with more information  clarify their position.  sincerely hope they will  ....    final thought,  very much appreciate you posting Sri Raviji' response even    not providing clarification  some  the questions you asked. But his response  very profound.  getting involved  analyzing these incidents,  may get emotionally entangled and create negative energy within . Sri Raviji' response helps    impartial and unattached observers and truth seekers.  Thank you, and please continue this mission. January 8, 2017  8:09   Phanindra said… @Anonymous: Thanks for the clarification! Much appreciated.  thoughts  that blog post (http://halfcenturywisdom.blogspot.com/2016/08/-chance-encounter-that-stirred--.html) -   has tone  truthfulness but  the same time  makes too many claims which cannot  verified. Some  the claims (. Vijji fearing that she would  killed  sleeping pills and her subsequent house-arrest) seem plain wrong, given the known facts. There are many witnesses who have interacted with Vijji before her death and there are even witnesses when she passed away.  they would have noticed her fear  she would have confessed her fears  someone there.  she was arrested  the Ashram, they would know that too.  unless  assume all the people  the Ashram have taken the side  Sadhguru and lied (which   not think  likely), the narrative  the blog does not ring true.   agree that Raviji' advice  very wise.  Arundhati Subramanian put  the last chapter  her book "Sadhguru more than  life", the acid-test  finding the right Guru  that  become less dependent  him  the relationship grows.    are less attached  the personality and the past  Sadhguru and more engrossed  the teaching and practices, that  the right direction. January 9, 2017  10:14   Anonymous said… Phani you have the patience man.  certain you are practicing  concoction  kriyas from various gurus. You can delete this post,  you' want . But  wanted  msg you :) God bless you. January 20, 2017  1:12   Phanindra said… @Anonymous: Thanks!   know you?   read many Gurus but  only  Isha' Shambhavi Mahamudra kriya! January 29, 2017  8:40   pramodrama said…  true guru  someone who makes you independent. BTW   curious  know  there any disciples who have attained enlightenment.Have' seen any second generation  gurus from Isha February 7, 2017  6:28   Great Expectation said… Stupid article. what  waste  time & talent & resources. February 7, 2017  10:09   Shanmugam said…  Phanindra,   have been  huge fan  Isha and Sadhguru and  spiritual seeker too..  don' really find anything wrong with  being  teacher  SSY and taking some techniques from there  give  more alive version  .  think Sadhguru has not disclosed  because   not really that important  reveal and may even cause confusion.  also have  feeling that  might have used many techniques  Osho and prepared  wonderful concoction  Isha Yoga   know today. Because  lot  his messages are very similar  what Osho has talked.  have written about   more detail here: https://nellaishanmugam.wordpress.com/2017/02/07/sadhguru--osho-the-two-diamonds--discover-your-inner-self/  His efforts  bringing  better society and planting trees all over the state  definitely awesome.  don' really know how  personal life   enlightened person really  and our judgement regarding  enlightened person' intentions  definitely out  scope for unenlightened people like you and ..   recently got into  argument with somebody from the background  Vedanta..  told him that 99%  people leave the body when attaining enlightenment because there   karma left. Both Sanchita karma and prarabhda karma are completely dissolved and they have  consciously create Karma  keep the body alive. Sadhguru has said this  his talks and gave given the Ramakrishna' desire for food   example. Osho has also said the same thing and gave the same example  the book called "Secrets  Yoga"..  But the guy who  from Vedantic background argued that enlightenment doesn' empty the prarabdha completely and the enlightened person has  burn out the prarabhdha gradually throughout the rest  his life. Once the prarabdha ends, that  when they leave the body and not right after their enlightenment. Many sites online about Vedanta also say the same thing...  you have any idea about this which will clear  the contradiction?  believe  Sadhguru' words but  need more clarity  this subject. February 14, 2017  1:20   Unknown said… Gr8. Enjoyed, learnt also something, Gyan, allegations, good logical oratorship  gurus- they start with - you are unhappy. Then followers come and listen some helping logic and above all, they meet  many new persons and enjoy Group Energy, then they get bored, come out for 6 months   year. They again  for group energy.   .  the book Siddhartha, hero does not join Gautama Bush   did not want  listen the experience  Enlightenment from Buddha  words,  wanted  experience.  left. Our gurus,  and only  have experienced Enlightenment, how the devotees will experience.  Priya, they will get group energy only, feel happy and will say  other  have done ------ and also Art  living. Why  know the atma, purpose  life  any difficult technique, why not just live? February 15, 2017  9:23   Phanindra said…  Shanmugam,  Yes, Sadhguru seems  derive from Osho  you explained  your blog. Regarding Rishi Prabhakar, there may  some specific reason why Sadhguru didn' acknowledge him.  Guru-Shishya tradition,  Guru' contribution  always acknowledged. Rishi Prabhakar may not   Guru  Sadhguru   real sense, but   still fair  acknowledge him  name for whatever  provided.   too learnt recently that Vedanta has  different take  Karma after enlightenment from what Sadhguru said.   not know whether this   contradiction  something that can  reconciled. But people from different schools always had different perceptions  enlightenment.  both Zen and Vedanta belief  enlightenment which  based   "leap  knowledge" (hence  appears sudden) and people retain their body after enlightenment. February 15, 2017  10:13   Unknown said… Blogger Phanindra mentions, trust  the most important thing between  Guru and  Shisya. Just for arguments sake, let  say, Guru  not trustworthy and Shisya  trustworthy. Shisya  trustworthy  the extent that   one apart from entire humanity. Now, the world starts viewing him  special. Let  add  few more qualities like say, devotion  dedication. Again let  say Shisya takes these qualities  the extremes. Now the lines start getting blurred. World starts viewing Shisya  accomplished  may  even  Guru. The point   trying  make ,   your mind you attribute certain qualities  God, say, God does not doubt any one,  see  difference between one human and other   compassionate towards everyone  accepts everyone equally with their flaws then what  preventing you from becoming God  the very fact that you are doubting  fellow human being (Sadguru) etc etc. remember this journey  about you, use the Guru   tool for self introspection. People who usually are doubters  some other questioners here usually come around, not when they are virile, but when they are senile and life energies are slipping away. They then hope and pray that somebody throws them  rope  they can reach the other shore. All doubting, all questioning,  fact, all activity  the mind has  cease  know the truth. Until the dance  your intellect  the ego  , ultimate does not happen. Remember... the moral standards that you hold onto are the creation  your mind and collective mind  society.  has  relevance  existence. February 23, 2017  3:52   Anonymous said… ' better not  take any courses with Isha  even  anywhere near, only because the founder practices black magic and there are plenty  suspicious deaths  his ashram. There are other amazing organizations  India  learn yoga, meditation and    spiritual path. Unfortunately there are these evil one' and people usually get sucked   they    bit  experiences from the courses which  easy  create ... February 25, 2017  11:12   Phanindra said… @Anonymous: How  you know Sadhguru practices black magic?   just  guess   you have any proofs? February 25, 2017  10:14   Phanindra said… @Trisula: Thanks for the comment! Your advice  essentially the same  what Raviji gave.  agree    wise one - don' judge your Guru and use the tools  offers you etc.   eat the fruits   tree, one need not enquire about the background and qualities  the tree. Sweet fruits are enough  eat! But can  Guru-Shisya relationship  reduced  such  utilitarian one? Possibly. But  would think    much deeper relationship.  And  think  should always  open  question  Guru, however great  may . Not  questioning based  defiance and arrogance but  questioning that   seeking  truth. Yes, there  the caveat that our mind  limited. But    not question,  are giving "falsehood"  free pass. February 25, 2017  10:36   Rand said…  few observations Regarding Sadhguru,  also found Sadhguru very interesting, charming, intelligent, quick witted and his initial message very simple and attractive. His initial message claims  only  about  technique that will  very helpful  anyone.  claims there   philosophy  religious aspects only  simple technique. Before very long though  introduces philosophy  many layers. Diet, sleeping, climate, population problems and opinions  almost every subject. This  certainly his right but  conflicts with the original claim. Religion  also very evident  the many practices and rituals, many based  Hinduism ( although  claims Hinduism  not   religion) . Practices like consecration and the use  lingas and words like sacred this and sacred that certainly sound religious  most. Again this  his right but seems  indicate  much more complicated path then the original pitch.  you watch the many videos you soon notice conflicting statements  makes. One example  " '  total bliss all the time"  "   totally bored all the time". Although  mentions attainment  instantly available  anyone, ISHA   many levelled, long, expensive road  seminars ,retreats and ever more important techniques and  heavier commitment  time and money seemingly without end. Upon inquiry with  ISHA representative about the BSP program with  little probing  learned you would have  relinquish your car keys and cell phone for the intense secluded Three day program.  also was obvious that sleep would  little and diet would  controlled.  you wanted  have your car keys back and leave you would first need  discuss your reasons with several  the leaders, but then  you insisted you could leave. Sleep deprivation, constant activity and control  your every action may certainly cause some kind  reaction  " peak over the wall" this also may  achieved with psychedelics, but these are blunt instruments  many standards and may not suit some people.  few facts regarding ISHA financial statements some available online  "FAQs.org" regarding Tax Exempt organizations.  2013 ISHA income was $5,247,000  from $3,826,000  2012. Expenses for 2013 was $2,882,000. One expense item that catches any business minds attention  "other expenses" usually  small percentage  most statements.  This case   close  $1.6 million  more then 55%  all expenses? With  breakout  details?  contrast Grants  foreign organizations was  small $474,000 .(going back  India?) Assets were $13,880,000 that  mainly land and buildings which are held  Tennessee and California.  2014 this asset value grew  $17,101,634. Make  these figures what you like, just realize most  the money you pay  going  hard asset accumulation  the USA.  ISHA and Sadhguru help you  your way, great,  seems  have some good thought process' and techniques, but  might  prudent  understand and learn  much  you can about any guru  preacher wanting followers, money and time from your family and life.  you want the long and winding road that  your right and maybe your best choice but remember even Sadhguru has suggested the answers you seek are really only  breath away. Another wise man suggested  you like the path  discipline and long effort that  fine , enjoy , have eternity, but the truth  always available and ever present and can  yours instantly. But don' worry  you are not seeing  just now,   have eternity. And the journey can  very interesting and exciting can' ? And any ways when you  finally see  all  perfect and clear then what are you going  ?  never encouraged long suffering followers and suggested caution with anyone who did, one   favourite sayings  his was (paraphrasing) >once you' received the message, hang  the phone and get  with your life<.  Love and peace Rand  February 28, 2017  8:02   Unknown said…  completely agree with you.  had started listening  his speeches  see  they make sense.   honest, yes   good with his talks but when  heard him talking about his enlightenment and his wife' Mahasamadhi which  quite doubtful when you read about his life and see the way  lives. Plus  started reading his book Inner Engineering and  first couple  chapters  his book  has just spoke about himself, literally blowing his own tantrum.  wonder  people lose their modesty after being "enlightened"! What  hoax March 3, 2017  1:43   Phanindra said… @Rand:  Rand, Thanks for the comment! BSP   very different program, you need  experience   know why the restrictions were put. But that said,  can understand that some people find the restrictions "too much".  agree that Isha financials are not disclosed  the general public  gauge how they are spending the money they receive. But  doubt there will  any misuse, though there may  inefficiencies  spending.  the end, everyone should decide their relationship with Isha & Sadhguru. Some may want  dedicate their entire life  Sadhguru' mission while others may  happy with just the inner engineering course & Sadhguru' videos.   for the quest for "enlightenment", yes, there  this danger  doing more and more advanced programs with  goal  achieve spiritual heights without cultivating the necessary "mindset" that defines  spiritual man.  the Vedanta tradition  India,   believed that "only knowledge can cure ignorance and lead  enlightenment". Sadhguru subscribes  Raja Yoga school where certain Yogic techniques can lead one  heightened states  awareness. Such experiences are often quite blissful and  people are lured   more and more  them. Even  Raja Yoga school, enlightenment   "jump",   beyond all samadhi experiences. Sadhguru himself admitted this once.  @Unknown:  would not call Sadhguru  "hoax" without definite information.   somewhat flamboyant,  agree, and some people  not like . March 4, 2017  12:13   Rand said… @Phanindra KSM "But  doubt there will  any misuse" regarding ISHA money. You may feel that way, but  suppose  then must then discuss and define " misuse". Philosophy again darn .  only point out there   lot  money being collected  ISHA and Sadhguru and the vast majority    being spent  land and buildings  the USA. (Financial details are very hard  find regarding India operations, although  few are available they seem vague.)  long  participants paying this money understand where most    going and are not under any illusions. Gurus amassing large land holdings and hard assets particularly  the USA are not new. But  certainly   long way from the simple living Guru   blanket who sends devotees away  live their lives after  visit  two. "Only knowledge can cure ignorance" This  good advice, how much knowledge  ISHA followers have , are allowed  have , their own organization? Any ' run respectable company has detailed , open and accountable financial information. Where are ISHA'? The charitable statements online are allowed  leave huge gaps  detail and create more questions then they answer. Wouldn'   nice  have  seminar  annual meeting displaying all  ISHAs financial details and showing how every dollar  spent, "difinite information" why not? Annual meetings are the norm  most charities and certainly  any business.   your life and your money and your most valuable asset time.  appreciate your blog and this discussion, thank you very much. Rand   March 5, 2017  2:07   Phanindra said… @Rand:Yes,  agree that Isha should  more open  their spending. Annual disclosure you suggested   good idea.  March 5, 2017  5:52   Vidya said… Thnx  the superb research.  was quite confused whether  really call myself his follower.especially with all the controversy surrounding isha foundation. husband brings all the controversial news   !but this  exactly wht  told him... cannot agree more with ravi . ..jus continue sadhana without judging ...thnk   much   relieved March 9, 2017  6:06   Phanindra said… @Vidya:  pleasure! This post was intended  provide  balanced opinion  this topic and   glad that you found  useful.   also thinking  write  post  the recent land allegations  Isha. March 11, 2017  2:33   Unknown said… @Rand You mentioned  your reply the following: ' you want the long and winding road that  your right and maybe your best choice but remember even Sadhguru has suggested the answers you seek are really only  breath away.'   that  the case why don' you get enlightened  one breath and show others how   ? What sadhguru means , for some people with the necessary awareness and intensity,  will happen  one breath. Others need  work  their intensity through some technique  other. What most people don' realize  that not everyone becomes  teacher. You can read  bunch  books and start your discourses but you cannot gather masses that stick with you unless there  something else  you.    simple experiment, please pull this stunt yourself, become  Guru and see how long you can keep  that act. March 26, 2017  7:59   Anonymous said… Thank you for sharing. March 27, 2017  9:24   Rand said… @Trisula  don' think there  any disagreement , there are many roads, take the one you want  perhaps need. Not every one wants followers, teachers come  many forms. Enjoy your day. Rand March 31, 2017  5:30   Rand said… Dear Trisula,  you like watch the attached video below  Sadhguru,  about the 14 minute mark  talks about  previous point and the relative closeness  realization. This video  helpful , but near the end Sadhguru suggests the Budda encouraged followers and had  master plan, this  debatable. But this opinion gives Sadguru the opportunity  make the same request for followers and belief   master plan. (  this master plan idea  viable, the Budda did not achieve  and should  perhaps wonder  anyone can  should?) Many wise folks would suggest that when realization  achieved the big understanding  that everything   fact perfect right now exactly   .  understanding  the Buddas root teachings the basic message was ,  free  attachments. Becoming  loyal follower may   attachment.  coarse maybe that  what you want  perhaps need  this time, but  may  wise  consider why and  what cost  all respects. Love and peace Rand  http://isha.sadhguru.org/blog/sadhguru/spot/buddha-purnima-aspire-for-ultimate/?utm_source=sadhguru_spot&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=weekly_spot_mailer May 10, 2017  9:51   Kishor said… Phanindra   reading this blog for the first time and  like you attitude…that you respects the views  other people even though they does not match with yours.  heard Sadguru’ speech very recently  Youtube…and from the very first moment   attracted towards him. Though    born Hindu  donot believe  any specific religion and  Sadhguru’ term  consider myself   seeker. , what attracted  most towards Sadhguru  his saying that donot believe him…donot believe anybody…until you get the realization within yourself. After that,  started listening him  much  possible and decided  involve with isha Kriya and other techniques provided  him. But  you truly said , relationship with  spiritual guru  entirely based  trust and ironically after listening Sadhguru and his interviews for 2 months ,  find  difficult  make  bond  trust with Sadhguru. Now,  want  share  with you.  point  , should not the lifestyle   Enlightened Man   simple  possible !  may understand that  needs  travel extensively and  sometime  uses helicopters for travelling but why should  use ( buy)  very expensive car like Land Rover whereas  can use other less expensive SUVs and use the money for wellbeing  under privileged (Which are his projects).   not  pure luxury rather than necessity.   Enlightened man cannot resist the temptation   luxurious life than may   have  change the definition   Enlightened Man  question the very possibility  enlightenment.   conception  Enlightened man can see through  all humanly desires and overcome all such unnecessary desires  Kishor Kumar May 26, 2017  5:58   Phanindra said… @Kishor - Thanks for your comment! Good  know that Sadhguru had  positive influence  you. You are not the first person  find Sadhguru' "luxurious life style" troubling.  heard people commenting that  wears designer Kurtis and that his home  the Isha Ashram  quite luxurious. And the fact that  plays Golf, which   rich man' game,  another thing that troubles some people.  Now,  you ask Sadhguru,  will laugh  your ignorance and will give  convincing explanation  why  does the things  does.  already gave explanations  similar questions and many people are satisfied with his explanations. You may  may not get convinced yourself, though.   would say,  not bother too much. Let  not try  judge Sadhguru based  our likes/dislikes. Agreed that trust will  lacking but that doesn' mean you cannot benefit from Sadhguru' wisdom and tools.  keep watching his videos  get whatever good you can get from them. Good luck! May 26, 2017  9:57   Kishor said… Phanindra, Thanks for your reply.  you said "  already gave explanations  similar questions and many people are satisfied with his explanations",  want  hear his explanation and perhaps  will also  satisfied. , can you provide  any link( Vedio/Audio)  such explanations  Sadhguru ? June 5, 2017  8:54   ... said… Phanindra, YouTube has many Sadhguru lessons, you may want  also check out Alan Watts  . Krishnamurti. Love and peace Rand June 13, 2017  8:28   Phanindra said… @Kishor  Sorry for the late reply. You can check this Tehelka article which   really good one!   long, you can read the section " class act" which asks Sadhguru  question similar  what you asked - "how does someone who runs  ashram  brahmacharis feel comfortable driving  SUV  flying round the world?"  @NOW  Yes,  read quite  bit  Alan Watts and Krishnamurti and love them both! June 17, 2017  1:22   Anonymous said… Thanks for this discussion  Sadhguru.  have been watching dozens  his videos and was initially enthralled.  have some issues -firstly with what Isha .   evidently  Shiva ashram, judging  the statues, the lingam, Nandi etc Yet Sadhguru  evasive about this. His early occupation   snake-catcher also links Sadhguru  Shiva.  wonder   imagines    embodiment  this god ? Why not  open about the focus  Shiva / Adiyogi ? Here  the   have  ' Interfaith Ashram ' run   Tamil guru. But when you visit everything  for the goddess Kali.  get the same feeling about Isha - that the guru  giving all  one deity yet claiming the movement  universal. Watching the dedication  the statue  Lord Shiva before the Prime Minister   clear Sadhguru did not radiate inner peace. The Prime Minister was courteous but was determined not  defer  Sadhguru   guru, this troubled Sadhguru, things were not going   hoped. The  has reservations and resisted many overtures.  gave his own talk  Yoga    knew more than SJV who looked annoyed. Its worth watching  see the dynamic between them. Secondly  seems likely   his wife VIjji committed suicide possibly  poison. Having left her husband for Jaggi she then had  endure him bringing  another woman  consort. She couldnt leave  second husband for shame, staying was probably intolerable, The strain  the occult process  consecration - which  one has ever heard  - could have unbalanced her. For  guru the suicide  his wife looks very bad   cremated her immediately. His remarks  marriage are  negative calling  ' hormone hijack ' Hardly  tribute  his wife, with whom  sense   angry.Now  learn she was  star teacher  SSY with Jaggi the quiet partner.  erasing her role  kills her again.  have noticed the memory  suicides are often obliterated  relatives who feel guilty. Then the terrible claim  makes that her soul  longer exists ! What worse revenge could  have  the father--law who accused him  murder ! What  terrible idea for her daughter  bear.  believe Jaggi caused her death  that  drove her  her death. Sadhguru has opened  crematorium near Isha. Worrying.    July 9, 2017  9:31   Phanindra said… @Anonymous:  Interesting comments!  thoughts -  1. Yes, Isha   Shivaite organization. But  understand why Sadhguru does not say that.  wants  secularize Shiva,   say,  make him less religious and more yogic (This  similar  the mindfulness movement secularizing Buddhist meditations  the west, though they  not deny the Buddhist roots). Thus the statue  called "Adi Yogi", not Shiva because people have  fixed impression  who Shiva . But this raises the question  ignoring the Hindu roots. Shouldn' Hinduism  credited for the Yogic tools  provided  the world?  think yes. Even Sadhguru does  indirectly  all his lectures. But officially, Isha tends  deny any Hindu connection (especially  the ) and   not quite agree with that (even had  argument once with  teacher!).  2.  the chemistry between Sadhguru and Modi,   not think  can draw too many conclusions based  our feelings from one event.  watched that Adiyogi event and things looked normal  .   would not  too sure  the things you said.  3. Sadhguru always spoke very fondly, even with certain sadness, when recollecting Vijji' death.   not know  any instance where  was "angry". But there are some -answered questions  Vijji' death and  suicide   "possibility". But again there  very little evidence available  this topic  contradict Sadhguru' version.  unless someone has solid proofs,  cannot deny the "mahasamadhi" story.  4. Crematorium   great service.   appreciated  many. What  worrying about ? Unless  course, you have  impression  Isha   death cult and then  nearby Crematorium can give horrific connotations! Well,   your imagination! What can  say? Isha and Sadhguru may have their faults but they are not evil.  should realize this, otherwise our criticism becomes  hate propaganda!  July 10, 2017  6:45   Anonymous said…  can prove that classes conduted  both Rishi Prabhakar and Jaggi vasudev have been copied from somebody else , from  person true sadhguru (who  actually the real creator  this classes) who  teaching this courses free  cost  remote villages  karnataka. July 11, 2017  1:47   Anonymous said… the real creator  these classes  still toiling hard  remote villages  karnataka, unlike these self proclaimed gurus, without any bank balance but   only enlightened sadguru and not these self proclaimed people who have commercialized his classes for their benefit July 11, 2017  1:57   Anonymous said… @Phanindra KSM   small introspection ,  see you are ardent follower  Jaggi Vasudev.  What ever  been taught  Jaggi Vasudev has been just copied  somebody Else.  Its like this,  teacher  Engineering college  India teaches the same electrical subject taught also from  highly accomplished professor from MIT USA. But the results  both are way different.  think  get the point.  Yoga  itself might  universal , not confined  one person, whoever  may .  dont mind that people like Jaggive vasudev claiming  have invented their own course but infact ita copy version  somebody who  far away doing the same classes free  cost  some remote villages.   what  think  the inner strength and inner experience   true guru   must for    towards true enlightenment. Are  sure Jaggi Vasudev  truly enlightened,    would not have proclaimed , real enlightenmed people dont need . One thing foer sure Jaggi Vasu dev   commercial success, just lije  INdustry, but  the process  really understanding ourselves,    different than you with some copied techniques and some bookish knowledge.   definitely not  sadguru. July 11, 2017  4:47   Phanindra said… @Anonymous: Who  this Swami from Karnataka? Can you give his name and other details?  know Rishi Prabhakar was  student  Mahesh Yogi. Would  interesting  see   was also  student  this yogi from Karnataka.   also interested  know what your "proofs" are.  @Anonymous 2:   not sure  you are the same guy who wrote the previous comments too,    assuming you are different! Firstly,   not  "ardent follower"  Sadhguru. Ardent followers  not doubt Sadhguru  all and  would not write  blog post such  this one.  respect Sadhguru for his teachings and meditations but  have  own criticisms  him too!   open  arguments against Sadhguru too provided they are logical and fact-based.  Yes, Sadhguru  definitely  very talented teacher  Yoga. But   enlightened?   not know the answer but  surely has reached great heights  Raja Yoga,  not enlightenment. Personally,   not bother much about his enlightenment. And  would not also think claiming enlightenment disqualifies one from being "truly enlightened". Sadhguru does over sell his enlightenment  bit more than  like, though! July 11, 2017  8:22   Anonymous said… @Phanindra KSM  Sorry   words have hurt you,   like you trying  get  grasp  things going  here, You are right this  the first time   writing  this blogspot.    basically from Bangalore, will now have   north karnataka and seek his consent before  can put  his name  this blog. And  will  doing that this sunday.  lets see   permits    this, only than  will  able  reveal his name.  Any way   told comments are for everbody' self introspection.  far   Know feeling good after having healthy diet will free you from physical diseases and pranayama may help you for propoer coordiation  oxygen which will keep your physical body fit, but going beyond annamaya kosha and pranamaya kosha , the actual problem starts  there are few real sadgurus who can actually guide,  may also guide yourself, and there are  many complication  really understanding yourself from then , only  truly experienced from inside guru can only guide  then that too efforts should  from our side. July 11, 2017  11:30   Phanindra said… @Anonymous: ,   not hurt  all! Yes, please let  know the name  the Swami from Karnataka after taking his consent.  you are not comfortable sharing  this blog, you can email .   agree with you that Yoga & Pranayama help people, even  the teacher  not  expert. But   think that Sadhguru has -depth knowledge  Yoga and Kriyas, even    not believe   enlightened.  one attends any Isha Yoga  advanced meditation programs,  realizes this. July 15, 2017  10:35   Anonymous said… ,  will email you personally @ksmphanindra@gmail.com July 20, 2017  12:54   Unknown said… @Phanindra KSM Why  you think  enlightened person has  constantly oversell his enlightenment? ' also observed  constantly tries  create this narrative  science  spirituality, often talking lightly  science and scientists. ' very unlike  person who' gained enlightenment  discriminate against fellow humans who' just trying  seek the truths  the universe  the only way they understand, wrong  not!  other cases,  uses scientific terminology claiming science has proven certain things from vedas  past hindu practices, which later turn out   false/ blatant lies. And  often asks listeners / followers  drop their logic and then    tell glorifying stories about himself  yogis from hundreds and thousands  years ago and hinduism, which make  sense  there'  way how  could know and talk about events from thousands  years ago with such authority while asking people  ignore their logic/intelligence. ' been watching his videos for the past many months and they definitely helped   lot. but  could not ignore these inconsistencies and  don' see why  person who has realized that   everyone else and the universe itself feels the need  resort  all this. August 12, 2017  11:45   Gaurang Bhatt said… The fact that these yogis oversell themselves creates  doubt.  The true Yogis are silent about their feats and transform disciples.  Hari  August 13, 2017  11:20   Phanindra said… @Yash Nemani,  Good questions!  don' have  good answer for them!  have seen this criticism earlier - that Sadguru' remarks  science are incorrect and that  has  condescending attitude  several things.  partly agree with that criticism.  personally  not like this myself, but  kind  look beyond . Ultimately,  need  take what  good and beneficial from him and leave the rest.  @Gaurang Bhatt,  Well, the modern Gurus are not like traditional Gurus.  you would see lot  marketing and commercialization.   not bad  itself but can  damaging  taken  the extremes. But  should not just judge Gurus based  this criteria alone. August 15, 2017  10:08   Unknown said… ' really  good blog write- Phanidra sir.  should neither believe nor disbelieve and let' try  see the way  ,  Sadhguru himself days. October 26, 2017  2:58   Anonymous said… This way   Guru Drohi, who taught him and  return got betrayed. Shocking but with your well researched article ' sure that after BJP Govt. will  behind the bars. Yantra  6 lakh? December 28, 2017  11:45   Anonymous said… @phanindraksm did  hear more about the true yogi from North Karnataka?  , can  let yes know. Thanks! February 10, 2018  12:55   Anonymous said… Found this  one  rickross.com forums:  significant number  people (including ) were drawn  dubious gurus for seemingly innocuous things like yoga and meditation. Before  realize what  happening  are drawn deep into their practices and  begin  lose our logic and rationality.  wish  had known   background checks into sadhgurus and gurus. The first 'guru'  got involved  the United States  'Sadhguru' Jaggi Vasudev. Calls himself self Enlightened and teaches pranayam and meditation. Anyone attending his 'free' intro class would  struck  his logic, eloquence and seemingly friendly way  which  conducts his into class. All the other stuff comes later  which time  might  too late. Anyone encountering altered states  consciousness, hysterical laughing, crying etc.,  the first day would flee the place. But the progressive way  which you are exposed  this makes every one  these appear natural and normal. Too late did  come  know that this Enlightened yogi was trained  Rishi Prabhakar, founder  SSY, who himself was  disciple  Maharishi Mahesh Yogi and Werner Erhard. For more information, one can refer  Rishi Prabhakar, Cult Information  Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, Werner Erhard and his legacy The Landmark Forum (wikipedia article  the Landmark Forum). February 20, 2018  4:07   Anonymous said… Whttps://www.youtube.com/watch?=eqyTrpKgJJ why  left Microsoft Ireland  volunteer  Isha yoga center?? What  happening  youths ? Very alarming . . comment February 20, 2018  7:21   Anonymous said…  had heard Jaggi Vasudev had learnt yoga from Raghavendra Swamiji  Malladihalli ashram  Karnataka, which may   may not  true. Anyways,  doesn' harp  his Karnataka connections even when    Bangalore. Once,  was promoting his Rally-for-Rivers campaign   Kannada  channel, answering  English all the questions posed  Kannada. That shows his affection towards the land where  was born and lived for  least 25 years!   not surprised   has similar attitude towards his past gurus. February 24, 2018  1:45   Anonymous said… https://..wikipedia.org/wiki/Malladihalli_Raghavendra March 3, 2018  1:18   Anonymous said… , Why everyone  talking only about female deaths  the ashram? Are  all assuming Sadhguru  just  list driven man but otherwise clean  all other aspects?  There was Dilip,  very soft spoken chief  accounts, suddenly died Inna car accident   lonely stretch  road between Ooty and kotagiri.  was hushed  and body cremated without any police action. Lorry was not traced. Car was totally damaged. Happened  broad daylight light. Everyone  Isha avoided the topic. The very nature  influence Isha has   govt especially Karunanidhi govt  extremely high.  personally know   Swami  Isha who  the govt connect. Once  asked  with great pride   wanted  speak  the home minister because  complained about lack  connectivity  the ashram.  jokingly said  tower would  installed the next time  went there and that  would personally speak  the home minister. ,  was serious.  tower was indeed installed 6 months later when  went there.  asked the same Swami and  asked  not  underestimate Isha connections. March 3, 2018  1:55   Anonymous said… ***lust driven man...sorry about the typos March 3, 2018  1:57   Nitin . Jadhav said…    SSY Sadhak since 2010 and also  first level teacher  SSY.  feel great  know that Sadguru was associated with SSY  his earlier years  Sadhana. Secondly, Sadguru and Guruji Rishi Prabhakar both never spoke about each other  for them spreading Sadhana  superior then their personal goals.  Imagine they both speaking about each other and then that would have created hundreds  questions  the minds  their disciples. The sense  who  superior would have arised.  Both know that they have taken  role  this life (one  Rishi Prabhakar and other  Sadguru Jaggi Vasudev) and taking about each others role would create lots  questions  the seekers minds and  turn hinder the divine goal that they both have committed .  ' only primitive seekers like  who want  compare them and create  sense  superiority. Both  would  sad  see their teachings  waste when   such comparisons. They want   use less  Intellect and more  Wisdom  surrendering  the Guru Principle that acts through them.  There are hundreds  Saints and Gurus  the earth right now and they all respect each other and are working towards  common divine goal.   seeker they all expect   rise above and evolve  join their divine goal.  stop wasting time  such futile comparisons. https://www..org/spiritual-practice/sainthood/ May 28, 2018  10:29   Nitin . Jadhav said… “Every saint has  past, and every sinner has  future.” ― Oscar Wilde  This quote  possibly the best answer  all the scepticism  this blog. May 28, 2018  10:41   Vishakha Purandare said… Dear friends,  read  few posts here  someone sent  this link.    SSY teacher running the  center.  While  appreciate many  your concerns and apprehensions about  certain spiritual teacher and his relationships with his Guru etc.  sincerely plead  you  examine your own motivations.  you are  journalist then exploring into these aspects are reasonable. But  you are yourself  sadhak ( student  spiritual truths) then engaging yourself  these kind  discussions can  very distracting.  will only take you away from your own journey.  have been with Poojya Guruji Rishi Prabhakarji for over 22 years and have known Shri Jaggi Vasudev  SSY teacher ( though never had  opportunity  meet him  person). And what relationship they had with each other  not  concern  all. Poojya Guruji connected with each  his shishyas   parent and had  very special relationship.  very dearly loved everyone and blessed each one for their truth.  engaging myself  these thoughts  something  wouldn' entertain. Neither judging someone  the basis  what looks like isn' reasonable.   spiritual seeker, whoever you consider  your Guru, take his teachings and use   elevate yourself  your own life. Meditate upon every positive aspects  your guru and even from other guru' and their teachings and keep focused  your sadhana. Meditation  the key. Keep meditating and all your answers will  received  your questions will dissolve. God bless  all. Jai Gurudev July 13, 2018  1:17   Unknown said… Thanks, Phanindra Sir.Was  disturbed and baffled since yesterday but this chain  dialogue has laid  rest the doubt. God bless  you & Raviji August 25, 2018  7:23   Sujay Shanker said…  have seen some consecrations  Sadhguru 0n  tube.  find them hilarious and very like some rituals that village priests may indulge   amuse the rural public.   Hindu   appalled  Sadhgurus abuse  Hinduism.Every stupid pagan trick  not Hinduism nor   worship  Shiva.  Shakespeare has warned  Satan quotes scripture for his purpose. should not  taken  this clever trickster October 15, 2018  3:49   gingergelato said… Phanidra, thanks for writing this. For the past few years, every now and then  get  link   talk  discussion with Sadhguru and what  heard made sense   and provided food for thought   benefical way. However  have been  the fence about actually taking any  the Isha foundation courses.   decided  find out more about him and that  what led   your article.   have attended vipassana meditation courses several times and practice that form  meditation.  think  will stick with that for  daily practice :) One thing  like about   that  never talk   fellow practitioners   course, they change every time   the teachers. There   single person  the center and   avoids the personality orientation ( least   experience  far).  Like you said,  can always listen  the lectures   want  and still get whatever benefit  perceive. And even    end  taking one  the foundation' courses,  does not mean that  have  place Sadhguru   pedestal and believe that everything   saying  correct/true.  can still use  own judgement,  can others :)   think maybe the root cause  that people expect  all   black and white -   sure Gurus make mistakes too  their journey :) They need not  right all the time but that  the expectation followers come  have and then are disillusioned when one action from the guru does not fit  with their image  the guru. Another point  that when you have  large organization, not everyone  going   able  adhere   high code  conduct all the time.    sure mistakes will  made  the people who work  the Isha foundation  represent .  seems there are two polarised groups: The first group are the followers  devotees  whose eyes Sadhguru can   wrong and even questioning him  sacrilege :) Personally  don' see why gurus cannot  held accountable  questioned  followers and why blind faith  needed. The second group are those who have made  their minds and judge Sadhguru    trickster and  fraud. They need not listen  any lectures  follow anything  says. But they seem quite determined  interpret everything  does and says   negative light. Like you,  feel  belong  neither group since neither seems maintain  objective perspective  the subject.  October 16, 2018  6:44