RISHI WISDOM “Aham  Aham Brahmasmi”  Rishi Wisdom contains core spiritual concepts and the wisdom  Guruji Sri Rishi Prabhakarji. His teachings were based  his extensive studies  the 14 Upanishads, five Bhagwat Gitas, and countless other scriptures.  translated the essence  the ancient wisdom found  these scriptures  simple and easy words  help anyone transcend their consciousness.  His biggest contribution  this world has been his teachers and programs, mainly SSY(Siddha Samadhi Yoga), which has transformed lakhs  people, mostly from 1989  2014, though the work continues even now.  This book   attempt  bring his teachings together.    compilation  Guruji Sri Rishi Prabhakarji’ notes, diaries, and letters written  his disciples. The words which were personal can now reach everyone.   LIVE LIFE KING SIZE This book  dedicated  souls searching for fullness  life and somehow suspects that life must   magnificent child like play and all struggles are rooted  wrong understanding about life.  Here you will recognize the simplicity   all  you follow Guruji’ life’ adventures  play  all areas from Mastering  Academics  Mastering  relationships  Mastering  Finances without effort, without exerting  practicing anything religiously with effort. This sounds the anti-thesis  most Self Development regimen that  popularly sold with  much effort.  BUILDING  VISION  DANGEROUS  the hustle and bustle  everyday life,  are awfully busy, accomplishing some vision that does not really amount  anything. Fuelled  our vision,  only  from becoming greedy  greedier.  the process,  endanger the world with our compulsive need  consume.  Life  not  mission: Life   enjoyable visit meant for exploring this planet, Earth.  only  knew. The meaning  contentment. The sprit  play and the joy  exploration… only  knew, that   the bond  love and not congruence  vision that bind  group far more effectively…   YOGA STARTS WITH SAMADHI Yoga  presently practised, has been subjected  tremendous misinterpretation. The whole  contemporary Yoga  only about ‘doing ‘ certain practices   Yogasanas  Concentration exercises. This  supposed  culminate   state  non-doing which   state  effortless divine joy. Our contention  that this   pre-posterous way  going about .   like putting the cart before the horse.   amount  doing can ever take one into the state  ‘non-doing’. All this can   the case   select few  that  can convince them about the wastefulness  practices,  bore them   point where all practices get spontaneously dropped and the person enters into  state  non-doing. This   very effortful and convoluted way.   RISHI UPANISHADES The word Upanishad literally means “sitting  the feet  the Guru”.   only  sitting  humility and surrender that any useful knowledge can  gained. These Upanishads reveal secrets  life which are  once enlightening and challenging. These eternal truths were realized  several Rishis.   are very lucky  get this knowledge and wisdom through the penance  one such great soul – Guruji Shri Rishi Prabhakar. Who   enlightened master and “Guruji”  his devotees. Here  has given profound secrets  the Upanishad,  the most simple and direct manner. Read them slowly and deliberately. Meditate  them. Live them and experience them.