Proof for Sadhguru’ Rishi Prabhakar connection! Dec 10, 2017 —   Phanindra  Criticism, Isha, Opinion, Rishi Prabhakar More than 2 years back,  wrote  article  Sadhguru’ connection with Guruji Rishi Prabhakar.  that article,  concluded with reasonable certainty that “Sadhguru was involved with Rishi Prabhakar’ SSY, possibly   teacher”.  only source then was  trusted eye-witness who told  that  participated   class conducted  Sadhguru for Rishi Prabhakar  Hyderabad. Since writing that article,  confidence  this possibility grew, mainly because there were several comments   blog-post claiming the same.    recent article  Vijji’ death,  wrote that  “  pretty sure about Sadhguru’ involvement with SSY   teacher”.   course, this feeling  subjective and personal. Other people can question  source. Online comments are not trust-worthy either.   need  more solid proof. After all,  article  not the first article  explore Sadhguru’ past. Many online articles and forums discussed Sadhguru’ connection with Rishi Prabhakar before . These articles (including mine) only seem  convince skeptics, but not Sadhguru’ devotees. From  Sadhguru’ devotee’ perspective, these are all baseless allegations; efforts  defame Sadhguru. This feeling  understandable.   also valid. The onus  proof always rests  the person who makes the claim.   finally, here   proof. This   photo  Sadhguru with Rishi Prabhakar. Rishi Prabhakar  the man with the beard  the center  this picture. Sadhguru   his left but   difficult  recognize Sadhguru  the first look!  looks very different then, with  clean shave and  thick black mustache!  IMG_3205 Sadhguru with Rishi Prabhakar (Source:  anonymous person who wants  bring out the truth!) But Isha devotees would easily recognize Sadhguru  the picture above. Isha Foundation and Isha volunteers put several photos  Sadhguru when  was still Jaggi Vasudev. For example, check the below photo  Sadhguru with his wife Vijji and you will instantly recognize that the man  the pic above  also Sadhguru!  sadhguru_vijji Old photo  Sadhguru with his wife Vijji (Source: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=698619923679472&set=.123624867845650.1073741827.100005944116564&type=3&theater)  what does this prove? Clearly Sadhguru was close  Rishi Prabhakar  can  judged from the group photograph. Also the name tag  him indicates that this picture was taken during  course ( anonymous source says that this picture was taken during Rishi Prabhakar’ first teacher training program and Sadhguru was  that batch).  the minimum, this picture proves that Sadhguru was involved with Rishi Prabhakar and the fact  that  does not speak about  now. Not even  mention!     said that Sadhguru had some differences with Rishi Prabhakar and thus split from him. Earlier,  was indeed working for Rishi Prabhakar  Coimbatore per the confession   -Isha inmate  –  Long ago   young boy,  friend convinced   attend Sahaja Sthithi yoga (SSY) which was being conducted  . Pankaj and . Jaggi Vasudev. The program was conducted  two different venues  Coimbatore  the same time.  went  Jaggi’ class because  was closer   house.   the same time, two other SSY teachers . Vinay and . Dutta were teaching the same program  Salem , Trichi, Bengalore etc.  volunteered  all the four people programs, including the Bhava Spandana Programs (BSP). All the four teachers including Jaggi, along with many others, were trained under Rishi Prabhakar, and were teaching the same programs (SSY,BSP and advanced meditation programs) all designed  Rishi Prabhakar.  Very soon, Jaggi eyeing the potential for growth, separated himself from Rishi Prabhakar’ group, started Isha Foundation and recreated himself under his self given name Sadhguru. And  claimed the SSY and BSP  his own creation. The same program content  Rishi Prabhakar  today printed  Jaggi’ -called bestselling book the “Inner Engineering for wellbeing” with some changes.  (  not pasting the entire confession  this -Isha inmate   may  too disturbing for Isha followers. But even   ignore this guy, there are many others who claim the same. Given the proof  the photo and these multiple claims,  think  can  longer brush away Sadhguru’ connection with Rishi Prabhakar   mere fiction)   course, the photo does not prove any  these claims. But when Sadhguru loves  speak about his past and goes   explain such irrelevant details   how  embarrassed his school teacher  commenting  the color  her under-wear (Source: Arundhati Subramanian’ book  Sadhguru),  should  least have the courtesy  mention Rishi Prabhakar ’ name and credit him for any  the spiritual knowledge  got from him. But even after Rishi Prabhakar’ death  2014, when many Gurus came down and offered their pranams  Rishi Prabhakar for everything they received from him, there   public message from Sadhguru.  The anonymous person who provided the photo was not bitter about Sadhguru.  actually gave Sadhguru  benefit  doubt.  said that Sadhguru might have his version  truth and  should allow him  say  and listen   before making any conclusions.  completely agree. But will Sadhguru ever speak   this topic?  would  great  any  the Isha devotees can ask him and get his version. Truth about this matter should come out, however hard  may   digest for some people. Though  may hurt  first, ultimately Truth leads  goodness. May Truth prevail!  Edit April 23, 2020: The anonymous person who provided the proof  this article came out and made  video that tells the story  Sadhguru’ association with Rishi Prabhakar. The video also has several rare photos  Sadhguru and Vijji during their days  SSY. Check out the video below.